The patent-leather beetle or "Jerusalem beetle" (Odontotaenius disjunctus) is a beetle in the family Passalidae which can grow to just over an inch-and-a-half long. 
It seats 720 people and is known for its annual Shakespeare in the Park plays. 
The format of the race allows entries to either be from solo riders, or by teams of varying sizes who ride in relay. 
It provides conservative social commentary and criticism of liberals, Islam and Democrats. 
Stores may have a deli counter, a meat department, a produce section, a flower department, a bakery, a pharmacy, a liquor section, and/or many aisles of nonperishable items. 
He is arguably the country's best-known movie critic as well as one of its most widely read (and discussed) columnists. 
Tsao grew up in College Park, Maryland, attending Springbrook High School. 
CTPI has particularly close relations with the Scottish Parliament and other institutions of Scottish public life. 
An example is the hepatitis B vaccine, where Hepatitis B infection is controlled through the use of a recombinant vaccine, which contains a form of the hepatitis B virus surface antigen that is produced in yeast cells. 
Following another English release, the band released Diamond 15 (2004), which peaked at number 2 on the Oricon Albums Chart. 
The album reached No. 106 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for two weeks, as well as reaching the top 100 in three other countries. 
Around 400 people live in the village itself with about as many residing in surrounding houses and farms. 
Graham told The State Journal newspaper on January 25, 2012, ""I have no intentions of re-filing for election. 
Minerva Township is a township in Marshall County, Iowa, USA. 
Commonly called watermeal or duckweed, these aquatic plants resemble specks of cornmeal floating on the water. 
He then went on to make highly profitable films in Telugu, Hindi and Tamil languages such as Pokkiri (2007), Wanted (2009), Rowdy Rathore (2012) and Singh is Bling (2015). 
Northwest Dallas is an area consisting of many communities and neighborhoods in Dallas, Texas, (USA). 
It is common for large anti-fandoms to gather in groups, usually on forums and sites, to share their mutual aversion. 
In 2007 the radio station moved to its new location at 410 Kinchant in downtown Quesnel. 
The remains of the fort, now little more than its earthworks, are part of a state-owned and town-maintained park. 
The ship was originally built in Belfast by William J. Woodside and was launched in 1885. 
Muraenichthys malabonensis is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae. 
His Strength is raw pace, can move ball both ways, high-arm action, hits the deck hard, and able to make the ball bounce from awkward lengths. 
In the early 1990s, a special academy, consisting of over 500 academicians, was elected for distributing the awards which recognize outstanding achievements in cinema (not television) produced in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States. 
The city is the county seat of Liberty County. 
Cinderford's origins can be seen in the style and layout of the town, with long rows of identical terraced housing similar to those found in the mining villages of the South Wales Valleys. 
Australia and South Africa both scheduled two such matches; the Wallabies won both of their matches comfortably, while the Springboks lost both of theirs. 
This list includes all Scotland players who have made 4 appearances or less for the national team. 
Notion Press is a self-publishing company based in Chennai, India. 
From independence until the 2018 general election, the Prime Minister had always been from the United Malays National Organization (UMNO) party of Barisan Nasional (previously Alliance). 
This most commonly refers to the hop harvest but can also be connected with grain harvest, Oktoberfest, or as a general term for fall seasonal beers. 
Vallai is a small town in Sri Lanka. 
"The Messenger" makes its only appearance here, as it would be cut from the Broadway production and consequently left off the cast album. 
Mexacarbate is a carbamate pesticide developed by Alexander Shulgin and marketed in 1961 by Dow Chemical Company under the trade name Zectran. 
Tetrathemis yerburii is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae. 
The Toowoomba Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving Toowoomba, the Lockyer Valley and Darling Downs regional areas in Queensland, Australia. 
Certain species, such as Scharffia rossi, however, live in dry regions, such as savannah. 
It can either be attempted through trial and improvement or more logical means. 
She made two appearances for the national side, both against Western Samoa in December 1987. 
By the 20th century Birmingham had become the metropolitan hub of the United Kingdom's manufacturing and automotive industries, having earned itself a reputation first as a city of canals, then of cars, and most recently as a major European convention and shopping destination. 
Elsa D'Silva or Elsa Marie D'Silva is a former aviation professional and social entrepreneur whose interest in bringing about social change to improve the lives of women, youth and senior citizens through awareness, interaction and educationled her to found Safecity.in. 
She was also the first director of the Center for the Study of Women and Society at the CUNY Graduate Center. 
Poulter was the Pickup Truck Racing Rockingham Superspeedway Champion and Rookie Champion in 2005, with a total of eight race wins. 
The editor-in-chief is Hans-Ulrich Wittchen (TU Dresden). 
The nearby Moore Islands and Whitmore Islands comprise with the McKenney Islands the Moore/McKenny/Whitmore Ecological Preserve. 
Sphingomonas pruni is a bacterium from the genus of Sphingomonas which has been isolated from the roots of the tree Prunus persica in Japan . 
His name rendered into English would be "Tacitus the Bald". 
She also teaches undergraduate programs in Philosophy, and Philosophy, Politics and Law or PPL. 
The inscription is the only known instance of Cretan hieroglyphs on stone and is significant as one of the longest Cretan hieroglyphs inscriptions. 
The film was produced by Rustic Lantern Films, as subsidiary of Deaf Empowerment Awareness Foundation. 
He has served as President of the South Australian Legislative Council from 2014 to the 2018 election. 
Super Smash Bros. Melee brought the game renewed attention. 
Thelycera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. 
St Cadou was an early Christian in Brittany in France, not be confused with St Cadoc. 
Winchester only chambered the model 1910 in the .401 Winchester Self-Loading or .401 WSL cartridge. 
Francisca Sanopal (born 1931) is a Filipino hurdler. 
The batter must strike at a good ball and attempt to run a rounder in an anti-clockwise direction around the first, second, and third base and home to the fourth, though they may stay at any of the first three. 
He was born on 21 September 1914 at Ganjam in the Indian state of Odisha in a Brahmin family and took to folk dancing. 
The song, and its accompanying acoustic B-side "I Don't Mind", are from the group's second studio album Empty Days & Sleepless Nights. 
Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 2003 proceeded in keeping with rules enacted in 2001. 
The ladies' individual skating event was held as part of the figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics. 
This building, a Prairie School structure designed by Alfred C. Clas, was used for cooking and sanitation by the many auto tourists who visited the park. 
Although the term has historically been used by phoneticians, and is occasionally used by phonologists today, it is now more common in popular use as an imprecise term for sounds produced relatively far back in the vocal tract. 
Its current incumbent is The Rev. Sohan Lal, whose ecclesiastical designation is presbyter-in-charge. 
The Liturgy of the hours is of prime importance as is daily contemplation, private prayers, his frequent confession and spiritual guidance through an experienced priest of his confidence. 
The population was 3,895 at the 2010 census. 
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 5, 1970. 
A little over a thousand people participate in this event each year. 
The winners may have to compete in later stages or rounds until there is just one winner. 
First of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that aired on BBC1. 
The book tells the story of a minor poet, Cecil Valance, who is killed in the First World War. 
From 2017 the club have joined the UK Women's League. 
The BOTS Act outlawed the resale of tickets purchased using bot technology and set a fine of $16,000 for violations of the act, which is enforced by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. 
For the third time in four years, an Italian rider claimed the gold medal, with Giorgia Bronzini edging out her rivals in a sprint finish. 
The Giligan's Sisig Kings (and its women's team Giligan's Sisig Queens) were volleyball teams playing in the Philippine Super Liga (PSL). 
He is also one of the editors of a collection on the Ruthwell and Bewcastle crosses, and with Catherine Karkov edited an important collection on Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture; he contributed one essay, and three other essays are responses to his. 
Also in 1995, Ma Bo's mother, Yang Mo, a prominent writer herself, was diagnosed with terminal cancer. 
Words with Gods follows the theme of religion, specifically as it relates to an individual's relationship with his/her god or gods. 
Transmembrane 4 L6 family member 5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TM4SF5 gene. 
It was the 19th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2003 WTA Tour. 
Soosiz is an iOS adventure game developed by Finnish studio Touch Foo and released on October 9, 2009. 
The Ohio Revised Code contains all current statutes of the Ohio General Assembly of a permanent and general nature, consolidated into provisions, titles, chapters and sections. 
After an amicable leave from the label, Gilliam made preparation's for the album's release in late 2005 through her own label Joilicious Music. 
It uses the same ranks and insignia as the U.S. Army, and National Guardsmen are eligible to receive all United States military awards. 
It also contains play areas for children. 
In a recent interview, she stated that she does not intend to marry the father, as she is afraid of divorce. 
The film gained notoriety when a copy of it was found among the possessions of murderer Adam Leroy Lane. 
His brother, Domenick Davies, is also a German international. 
Lane died October 9, 1901 in Philadelphia. 
Arabian Knights is an animated segment of The Banana Splits Adventure Hour, created by Hanna-Barbera Productions. 
He also had a brief loan spell at Dunfermline Athletic whilst at Tynecastle. 
The film stars Lew Ayres, Pat Paterson, Peggy Fears, Sterling Holloway, Walter Woolf King and Alan Dinehart. 
In 2008, Professor Webster was awarded the University of Wisconsin, College of Engineering, Polygon Engineering Council Outstanding Instructor Award. 
La Mine d'or de Dick Digger, written and drawn by Morris, is an album containing two stories from serial publication in Le Journal de Spirou during 1947, namely La Mine d'or de Dick Digger and Le Sosie de Lucky Luke. 
Abdul Shamsid-Deen (born August 1, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
Sport Verenigang La Fama (as known SV La Fama) is an Aruban football club based in Savaneta, who play in Aruba's first division. 
He served as the principal secretary to three chief ministers of Haryana and is a former secretary at the ministries of Tourism, Civil Aviation and Agriculture. 
The base of the ligament is attached to the outer edge of the sacrum and coccyx, and the tip of the ligament attaches to the spine of the ischium, a bone in the human pelvis. 
Cadlina dubia is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae. 
The Mughal-Rajput War was between the forces of the Timurid ruler Babur and the head of the Rajput confederacy Rana Sanga. 
The first of a planned three volumes was released on July 11, 2006. 
USS Lavender (1864) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. 
Punjab Cricket Association is the governing body of the Cricket activities in the state of Punjab and the Union Territory of Chandigarh in India and the Punjab cricket team. 
Jon Fishman (born February 19, 1965) is an American drummer best known for his work with the band Phish. 
James Straus is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 69th Academy Awards for the film Dragonheart in the category of Best Visual Effects. 
The Stone Balloon was a restaurant in St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands founded in 1960 by George Sedlmayr, a former Naval aviator and Eastern Airlines pilot from Long Island and his wife Jean Compo Sedlmayr, a former Conover model. 
It was released as a single in 1985 and was a hit across Europe, reaching number 8 in West Germany, number 1 in Austria and number 2 in Switzerland. 
He was born in Brighton, the son of Cornelia James, the former glovemaker to Queen Elizabeth II. 
Originally formed in 1984 by guitarist Damian Thompson and vocalist Lynda "Tam" Simpson, Sacrilege is a female-fronted band from the Midlands region of England. 
Expanded in the 1970s, the HRBT remains Virginia's busiest and deepest such facility. 
Occasionally, a host will also be the musical guest, such as first seen with Paul Simon on October 18, 1975, and, most recently, Donald Glover in 2018. 
This year's event occurred between October 31 and November 4. 
In 1999 Miley-Dyer won a National Scholastic Snow Boarding Title. 
Madrasa El Achouria is one of the madrasahs of the medina of Tunis. 
She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 27.84 seconds in 47th place in the heats. 
Cruise's casting caused controversy among German politicians and members of the von Stauffenberg family due to the actor's practice of Scientology, which is viewed with suspicion in Germany. 
Pierre Medor and Dwayne Nesmith Pierre and Dwayne, aka production team The Corna Boyz, met at the Hartt School of Music at the University of Connecticut in 1999. 
Ronald P. Stanton (March 26, 1928) was an American businessman who founded Transammonia Inc (now Trammo, Inc). 
The cinematographers were S. Fattelal and Vishnupant Govind Damle and the cast included Keshavrao Dhaiber, Baburao Pendharkar, V. Shantaram and Anant Apte. 
He relinquished membership of the board in late 2011 when he was named coach of the NSW Cup team. 
The book refers to Muhammad Ali Jinnah's 11th August Speech as evidence of his commitment to secularism even after championing a Muslim cause and winning a separate country on its basis. 
It is not listed in the contents of Nightmares & Dreamscapes. 
Joseph Enterprises, Inc is a gadget company which is owned by Joseph Pedott and based in San Francisco, California, United States, North America. 
The engine uses a redesigned hydrogen turbine. 
If this shuffle keeps the top card on top and the bottom card on bottom, then it is an out shuffle, otherwise it is known as an in shuffle. 
When referring to woodwork or cabinet shops, pipe clamps are usually composed of commercially manufactured clamp heads or "jaws" and a length of common threaded pipe. 
Some components have an exception for plugin code, while other components use LGPLv2 or Apache. 
The ACTL7A gene is expressed in a wide variety of adult tissues, however, its exact function is not known. 
Daoud is married and has three children. 
McCutchen Meadows is a historic mansion in Auburn, Kentucky, USA. 
A RIRO permits only right turns and a LILO permits only left turns. 
Cashin' In is an American business analysis program, the fourth and last show of The Cost of Freedom business block, on Saturdays at 11:30 am ET on the Fox News Channel. 
Welterweights were limited to a maximum of 64 kilograms in body mass. 
The Jazz Theory Book is an influential work by Mark Levine, first published in 1995. 
Ecotins are dimeric periplasmic proteins from Escherichia coli and related Gram-negative bacteria that have been shown to be potent inhibitors of many trypsin-fold serine proteases of widely varying substrate specificity, which belong to MEROPS peptidase family S1. 
This is because compression is far better on Blu-ray, as will naturally be the encoding, and it is also possible to provide lossless audio. 
It was retired to storage until 1996, as it was beginning to suffer from constant traveling. 
In 2012, Diageo moved production of the U.S. supply of Red Stripe from Jamaica to the U.S.; City Brewing Company is producing the supply in their Latrobe brewery. 
They participated at 2009 Selectia Nationala with the song Dear Mama, where they finished in a tie for the second place. 
It is a controversial practice however, since depletion may be already factored into accounting for the extraction industries and the accounting for externalities may be arbitrary. 
The Abbott 33 is a Canadian sailboat, that was designed by Jan Torben Larsen and Abbott Boats. 
Luxor 2 is also available in a Windows Vista-only version from MSN Games which includes improved graphics over the previous computer versions. 
Other unique signature floats include "The Funky Tucks" which is a 3-Float Tandem which boasts cages flocking each corner of the float with Cage Dancers inside. 
Graham Lawlor (born 3 May 1979) is an Irish football coach and former player and is under-19 team manager at Bohemians. 
A Deal Is a Deal. 
He also lodged an official appeal with the Guardian Council for new and more transparent elections. 
Ultimately, his goal is to develop a set of physical laws that govern climate. 
Sarovaram is a 1993 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Jeassy and produced by KM Abraham, starring Mammootty, Jayasudha and Thilakan. 
It can be done in the night to reduce coughing at night (although PD should be avoided after meals) or in the morning to clear accumulated secretions during the night. 
She won a silver medal in the relay at the 1992 World Ski Orienteering Championships in France, together with Mirja Ojanen and Virpi Juutilainen. 
Physopyga is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae found in Papua New Guinea. 
The title Baron of Dungannon in the Peerage of Ireland was associated with the first creation of the title of Earl of Tyrone. 
On 21 February 2013, Maharaja Harendra Kishore District Public Library Resource Center was established as an initiative of Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation's Gates Global Library Project by the state government of Bihar with the help of Digital Empowerment Foundation. 
There are about 130 occurrences of this plant today, many of which are in Quebec and Maine. 
Joan Morris, (born February 10, 1943) is a mezzo-soprano. 
In films, Rowe has twice portrayed Marilyn Monroe, in Goodbye, Norma Jean (1976) and Goodnight, Sweet Marilyn (1989). 
Hindsight (also known as Sees Everything In Hindsight) is the second album by rapper John Reuben, released on May 21, 2002. 
It is located next to the western end of Platform 0, overlooking the River Taff. 
Years later, Greenhaw received his college degree from SMU. 
He was the dance choreographer of a number of films in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi such as Raja Guruvu, Man-Mauji, Chhaya, Hum Panchhi Ek Daal Ke, Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam and Bhai-Bhai. 
He is the former head coach of the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League from 1994 to 2001, and led the Wings to four Championships. 
As the gear shifting process requires attention and dexterity that might be needed in managing sharp corners in car races, sequential transmission has been introduced into many competition rules as an alternative. 
The Muslim Youth University (popularize as MY University), is a private research university located in the urban area of Islamabad, Pakistan. 
The Liberal Democrats, led by outgoing Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, had their worst result since their formation in 1988, holding just eight out of their previous 57 seats with Cabinet ministers Vince Cable, Ed Davey and Danny Alexander losing their seats. 
George Richard Eastham (13 August 1914 - January 2000) was an English footballer and manager. 
The concept of hegemony, which first was put forward by Antonio Gramsci (1971), refers to the moral, philosophical, and political leadership of a social group, which is not gained by force but by an active consent of other social groups through taking control of culture and ideology. 
Each of the ten member-countries organized in their national governing bodies. 
The Priestly Fraternity of the Missionaries of St. Charles Borromeo (FSCB), or also known as the Fraternity of St. Charles, was founded in Rome on 14 September 1985 by then Fr. 
It has over 147,000 members. 
CUA Law is located slightly more than two miles north of the United States Capitol and is a five-minute walk from the Brookland-CUA metro station. 
The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 25 December 1998. 
Eden Donatelli (born July 19, 1970) is a Canadian short track speed skating coach and former athlete. 
To the southeast is the Isle of Portland. 
This is a list of episodes of the 5-min Disney Channel American sitcom, As the Bell Rings. 
He is currently Honorary President and Chairman of the Isles of Scilly Bird Group and regularly presents slideshows and leads other events on the islands. 
The presenter is Sara Cox and the expert judges are Kate Malone and Keith Brymer Jones. 
It originated in Lyngen, but was given the name Nordlandshest in 1968 by breeders in that area. 
Vijayapuri is a census town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 
Tricimba lineella is a species of frit fly in the family Chloropidae. 
The movie was the second film made in Hollywood by Danish director Benjamin Christensen and stars Chaney as a Siberian peasant who aids a countess (played by Barbara Bedford) who is threatened by the encroaching insurgency. 
In addition to financing gold transactions, the company offers foreign exchange services, money transfers, wealth management services, travel and tourism services, and sells gold coins at Muthoot Finance Branches. 
It is the 2nd compilation album and the 9th overall release by Insane Clown Posse. 
The UAH satellite temperature dataset, developed at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, infers the temperature of various atmospheric layers from satellite measurements of radiance. 
It is estimated that Diebold Nixdorf controls about 35 percent of the global ATM market. 
Brining is also similar to curing, except that curing usually involves significantly drying the food, and is done over a much longer time period. 
Jimmy Hollywood is a 1994 American comedy film written and directed by Barry Levinson and starring Joe Pesci and Christian Slater. 
OVPsim uses dynamic binary translation technology to achieve high simulation speeds. 
Ihor Bodnar is a paralympic athlete from Ukraine competing mainly in category T20 middle distance and sprint events. 
Very Good Eddie is a musical with a book by Guy Bolton and Philip Bartholomae, music by Jerome Kern, and lyrics by Schuyler Green and Herbert Reynolds, with additional lyrics by Elsie Janis, Harry B. Smith and John E. Hazzard and additional music by Henry Kailimai. 
The fifth government of Israel was formed by Moshe Sharett during the second Knesset on 26 January 1954, and was the first government not led by David Ben-Gurion. 
So it is an acceptance that Israel has a right to exist, just as they would have a right to their homeland, and have a right to exist. 
Sue Meredith (born August 16, 1946 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American politician. 
Ashue is an unincorporated community in Yakima County, Washington, United States, located approximately two mile southwest of Wapato. 
Skemp is a Canadian football player. 
But the broader war against the disease is just getting started. 
The home remained in the King family for one hundred years, before being sold outside the family. 
In December 2017, three months after the election, Morgan resigned as leader and the party's deputy leader Geoff Simmons and two candidates also stepped down from their roles. 
She has also played for Zhytlobud-1 Kharkiv and Energiya Voronezh. 
This episode centers around Captain Hook and Cora as they try to steal the compass from Emma Swan and her mother, while flashbacks show how Hook and Cora met. 
Bartender Terry Lee says they are hoping to have another human toe donated, because several toes have been damaged, stolen, swallowed, or lost over the decades. 
During World War II it diversified to other chemicals. 
This plant is a semi-succulent annual herb growing just a few centimeters tall. 
The song reached number one on the US Alternative Songs, Mexican and Russian Tophit airplay chart, and became their first entry on the US Billboard Hot 100, reaching number four as of October 2017. 
Royal Air Force Halton or more simply RAF Halton is one of the largest Royal Air Force stations in the United Kingdom, located near the village of Halton near Wendover, Buckinghamshire. 
Last Day of August is a 2012 American film drama about four friends recovering from the physical and psychological damage of a car accident. 
Rasmussen syndrome is a condition characterized by multiple trichoepitheliomas. 
The first to attain the consulship was Gaius Laecanius Bassus in AD 40. 
Johnson also had 45 quarterback sacks for 333 yards, 43 tackles for a total loss of 113 yards, 16 fumble recoveries with three for touchdowns, eight forced fumbles, 17 interceptions (one for a TD), and 10 pass knockdowns. 
The community is serviced by year round train access, local airport, and winter ice roads. 
Students and staff writers were always encouraged to bring in friends and siblings, to broaden the number of students involved on the paper, and have 'L.A. youth' voices heard. 
Psychological abuse: Verbal abuse, sleep deprivation, white noise, pointless/absurd or humiliating instructions, recurrent exhaustive inspections and shakedowns, arbitrary strip searches, denuding actions, exposure, etc. 
Boycott (German: Boykott) is a 1930 German drama film directed by Robert Land and starring Ernst Stahl-Nachbaur, Lil Dagover and Rolf von Goth. 
He subsequently played in Europe with Benny Bailey, Tete Montoliu, Steve Grossman, Tom Harrell, Walter Bishop, Jr., Ralph Sutton, Ranee Lee, Hank Jones, Oliver Jones, Don Bennett, Fritz Kisse, and Ricky Ford. 
On August 1, 2011, WMFQ changed their format to hot adult contemporary, branded as "92Q". 
A device or program used to generate keys is called a key generator or keygen. 
She stars as Rhyme in the family drama Chicken Girls on the Brat digital network on YouTube, starred in the YouTube Brat show A Girl Named Jo playing the part of Jo Chambers, and also played Rhyme in Chicken Girls: The Movie. 
Egan has made three music videos: Om Yoga & Meditation, Music on the Edge, and Bass Workshop. 
A Persian offensive into Georgia, with their British and French trained Nezam-e Jadid infantry, initiated the battle. 
Next Door's Baby is a musical with music and lyrics by Matthew Strachan and book by Bernie Gaughan (whose novels are published under the name Bernadette Strachan), based on Gaughan's radio play of the same name. 
Burglary is a statutory offense in England and Wales. 
The community most likely takes its name from nearby Emory Run creek. 
The women's snowboard big air competition of the FIS Freestyle Ski and Snowboarding World Championships 2015 was held at Kreischberg, Austria on January 23 (qualifying) and January 24 (finals). 
He also authored A Cultural History of Climate. 
It was designed by architect Alfred Bossom and built in 1912-1913. 
This separation forces water and solutes to pass through the plasma membrane via a symplastic route in order to cross the endodermis layer. 
He is an ethnic Afrikaner from Ghanzi, which has historically had a large Boer population. 
Entitlement reform refers to legislative efforts to make changes in the benefits paid from government administered funds to citizens who meet a certain requirement and are therefore entitled by either right or legislation to receive that benefit. 
Alwyn Harris was a Royal Ulster Constabulary superintendent who was killed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army on October 8, 1989. 
It contested the 2009 elections, but won only 1.2 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, so gained no seats in the People's Representative Council. 
Council member Filimoni Kau stated that objections would be considered, but that the Charter would go ahead in any case. 
Tony Liu Tian-jue (born 7 February 1952) is a Hong Kong actor and martial artist. 
The series is presented by Johnny Vaughan and Steve "Mud God" Brooker, chairman of the Mudlarks Society. 
The Bolivian blackbird (Oreopsar bolivianus) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae. 
There are two kindergarten levels, both aimed at preparing the girls for school, the first being similar to a playschool rather than emphasizing intellectual achievement. 
The genus has a disjunct distribution, with 24 species endemic to New Caledonia in the Pacific, and one species (Cunonia capensis) in Southern Africa. 
Darion Lamar Campbell, Jr. (born July 24, 1989) is a former American football safety. 
She won a gold medal in the mixed C-2 event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala, Gwynedd, Wales. 
Kevin Stewart Barker (born July 26, 1975) is an American retired professional baseball player. 
Next came the 7-inch 'Stars', and then "7x7" (composers Cotton/Dale/MacDonald), produced by David Creffield. 
The verdict for that trial is scheduled to be delivered in September 2018. 
This animal lived during the Lower Cretaceous, from Upper Valanginian to Upper Barremian. 
The most important crops are cassava and rice, while other important agricultural products are peanuts and coffee. 
Ballantyne had first attempted to gain entry to the Scottish Football League by applying for the place created when the original Airdrieonians closed, but Gretna were accepted instead. 
Whitman died in 2014. 
Almost immediately, this concert became a sought after collectors item on the Phish bootleg circuit, as it seemed to define an era when Phish began breaking down many of its live performance boundaries. 
The hatchery was established near Spearfish, South Dakota in 1896, with the purpose of introducing and establishing populations of trout in the Black Hills of South Dakota and Wyoming. 
Damian William Jones (born June 30, 1995) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 
Bartolini returned to Italy in January 1982 and featured in the La Scala di Milano in the title role of Ernani. 
A horsehoe-shaped cast stone border of a floral design surrounds the top of the seal and doors. 
Formula One racing, paper and printing presses, medical technology, nano technology, stage and lifting technology, the aerospace sector and offshore gas and oil extraction. 
The Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Original Screenplay is one of the annual awards given by the Chicago Film Critics Association. 
These included England Young Cricketers (1989), Cumberland (1993), Yorkshire Second XI (1988-1992), Worcestershire Second XI (1993), MCC Schools (1986), National Cricket Association Young Cricketers (1986), National Association of Young Cricketers North (1987), National Association of Young Cricketers (1989) and Marylebone Cricket Club (1994). 
Football has been a sport at the South Asian Games since it commenced in 1984. 
Made of Metal is the fourth studio album by the heavy metal band Halford, the solo project of the Judas Priest frontman Rob Halford. 
Each year, the program presents works by artists from Asia, outdoor events and food stalls. 
A wicket-keeper and lower-order batsman, Randall Lyon made his first-class debut for North Trinidad in the Texaco Cup in the 1973-74 season. 
The Massachusetts Banishment Act, officially named the "Banishment Act of the State of Massachusetts", was a bill of attainder passed in September 1778 "to prevent the return to this state of certain persons therein named and others who have left this state or either of the United States, and joined the enemies thereof." 
The Great Northern Railway Trail is a cycleway and footpath in the Bradford District of West Yorkshire, England. 
The Connecticut Huskies men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball team of the University of Connecticut, in Storrs, Connecticut. 
Among other projects, he has produced a series of public radio music documentaries about the history of The Beatles which have been carried on scores of radio stations across the country. 
In 1999, the average family income was $36,883, and the unemployment rate was 7.60%. 
On this occasion, Veidt plays a hero, something he did not do very often, and there is also an early (uncredited) performance by Leo Genn. 
It has been listed as an official national monument since December 2, 2010. 
The station is currently owned by Calvary Evangelistic Mission, Inc. and features programming from Salem Communications. 
In The Netherlands, Andrex is known as Page. 
His house at Riddle's Court is a valued monument on Edinburgh's Lawnmarket. 
Night People was announced in August, followed by the single release of the title-track. 
Later on the same day a rocket fired from Gaza was intercepted by Iron Dome over Ashkelon. 
Submargarita unifilosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the top snails. 
DundeeWealth Inc. was a Canadian financial services company, formerly a public company and subsidiary of Dundee Corporation. 
He has covered conflicts and wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
It was founded in 1930 and, inspired by the building of a barn church in North Sheen (now incorporated into Kew), was constructed using materials from the farmhouse, barns and other outbuildings at Cheam Court Farm, which may have been connected with Henry VIII's Nonsuch Palace. 
Emerson Electric's AN/APG-69 is an X band coherent pulse doppler radar originally designed for the F-20 Tigershark aircraft. 
It is one of the most photostable chemical sunscreens known today with 25 hours required to lose 10% of its SPF protection ability. 
Dasypogonaceae is a family of flowering plants. 
She has also been involved with producing black theater, having been former artistic director of the Black Theater Co-operative and chair of the Black Theater Forum. 
He is the last manager at St Vincents to win the Division One Minor Hurling Championship in 2002. 
In 1996 Connell had a thigh injury early in the season and when he came back he was not at the level he was in 1995. 
Whincup and co-driver Paul Dumbrell won the Endurance Cup, taking wins at the Sandown 500 and the Gold Coast 600. 
Given this view of women, it is no accident that one of the chief deities of war was Toci, the "Woman of Discord", who symbolized the troublesome appeal of female sexuality as a disputative force. 
Eight percent of the total number of cells in culture undergo spontaneous apoptosis. 
52 units have been sold and closed. 
Like the original Teen Titans, Young Justice was centered on three previously established teen heroes: Superboy, Robin and Impulse, but grew to encompass most teenaged heroes in the DC Universe. 
The 2008 Ohio Democratic primary took place on March 4, 2008 and was open to anyone requesting a Democratic party ballot. 
Located near the Sutlej River, the city is one of the most sacred places in Sikhism, being the place where the last two Sikh Gurus lived and where Guru Gobind Singh Ji founded the Khalsa Panth in 1699. 
Diffusion lines are an offshoot of a company or a designers original line that is less expensive in order to reach a broader market and gain a wider consumer base. 
In Canada, "You Take My Breath Away" reached as high as number three. 
The formal ceremony at which the awards are presented takes place in Los Angeles, California. 
The short-chain dehydrogenases/reductases family (SDR) is a very large family of enzymes, most of which are known to be NAD- or NADP-dependent oxidoreductases. 
It is situated near Base Hospital Delhi Cantt, New Delhi. 
The 2016 Kazakhstan Cup Final was the 25th final of the Kazakhstan Cup. 
"Hummingbird" was the second single, climbing to #12 AC, #20 Pop, and #40 on the Canadian RPM Magazine charts. 
The Nerang Bulls Rugby Union Football Club is an Australian rugby union football club that competes in the Gold Coast and District Rugby Union competition. 
In November 1842, while serving abroad the brig USS Somers, during the return home from a voyage to Liberia, suspicion arose that Philip Spencer had formed a plan to seize the Somers and sail her as a pirate ship or slaver. 
It is found in China (Sichuan and Guizhou). 
Alege is a Bendi language of Nigeria. 
Osmodes costatus, the black-veined white-spots, is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family. 
The Fund was launched in 1948 with the help of the Variety Club of New England (now the Variety Children's Charity of New England). 
The release of Ultima Online: Kingdom Reborn in 2007 brought a new game engine with upgraded visuals. 
This list is about AIK players with at least 100 league appearances. 
He reigned for 6 years and died in 1049. 
The higher areas are generally very dry and are characterized by stunted vegetation, for example dry, lean grassland with thorn bushes. 
He received his PhD from Loyola University Chicago and has produced scholarship with other notable civil-military relations scholars such as John Allen Williams and Sam C. Sarkesian. 
Yvonne Cryns (born 1951) is an American midwife and political activist. 
Alan later played a considerable part in Alexander II of Scotland's northern English ambitions during the violent aftermath of John's repudiation of Magna Carta. 
WVPS (107.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Burlington, Vermont. 
It was released on 15 November 2004 as the fourth and final single from their debut studio album of the same name (2004). 
It has been expanded several times, most recently in 2011. 
The film launched Sternberg's eight-year collaboration with Paramount Pictures, with whom he would produce his seven films with actress Marlene Dietrich. 
The organizers made the decision after consultation with the RAI Association and major car brand importers. 
His canzonette Laberinto amoroso was published in Naples by Gargano and Nucci in 1618. 
He lives in Iowa City, Iowa. 
PPAs attempt to better understand the poor, to give the poor more influence over decisions that affect their lives, and to increase effectiveness of poverty reduction policies. 
Cianfanelli is one of a handful of South African artists whose work successfully spans the public and domestic sphere. 
Matano was born in Nagasaki, Japan, and continued to live in Japan until after his studies in university. 
It attained international charting and spawned three chart topping singles, including the Billboard hits "Nothin' on You", "Airplanes" and "Magic". 
At the time of the event, the 662 participants represented the largest field at the Casino Employee Championship event. 
Xhavit Bajrami (born October 30, 1975) is an Albanian-Swiss former kickboxer who competed in the heavyweight division. 
The 5th Regiment California Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. 
The station was established in 1913 by the Canadian Northern Ontario Railway as a divisional point and headquarters for the Superior Division, under the name Fitzbach railway station; its name was changed to Hornepayne around 1920. 
Luke Torn, who has also written for The Wall Street Journal, Mojo, and The Austin Chronicle, took over as editor in 2005. 
The race, which was extended by 12 laps, shattered numerous NASCAR records: it marked the first time under the modified green-white-checkered finish rules that a race had gone to the maximum three attempts allowed. 
In retirement from playing Doyle became involved in team management, coaching and refereeing. 
He is best known for his 2002 book Postmodern Anarchism, which develops an account of postmodern anarchism through philosophers such as Friedrich Nietzsche and cyberpunk writers such as William Gibson and Bruce Sterling. 
Schweinfurt Army Heliport Schweinfurt Army Heliport is a military facility near Schweinfurt, being part of U.S. Army Garrison Schweinfurt. 
The album reached number 16 in the UK albums chart. 
The major sponsor for the Illawarra Premier League is the Illawarra Mercury and as such the competition is often referred to as the Illawarra Mercury Premier League. 
Part of the DeForest Area School District, the school serves students in grades 9-12. 
Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v Ali [2001] UKHL 8 is an English contract law case in the House of Lords on the limits of freedom of contract, and the contra proferentem principle. 
Now (previously Chemistry) supported by the 'MTV Sheep' campaign. 
Kim Victoria Abeles (born August 28, 1952 in Richmond Heights, Missouri) is an American interdisciplinary artist currently living in Los Angeles. 
Its sound resembles the birdsong of a bird of the same name. 
For most operations, common file utilities can be used, so even scripting is quite easy. 
Its chief products were the Atari ST, Atari XE, Atari 7800, Atari Lynx, and Atari Jaguar. 
But the Raiders failed to reach the Super Bowl as they lost to Miami in the AFC Championship Game. 
He was defeated by Benoit Cyr when he ran for reelection in 1999. 
Urysohn's lemma is a lemma that states that a topological space is normal if and only if any two disjoint closed subsets can be separated by a continuous function. 
The rules of the association require every area to hold at least one event every year which should include a race for gaff rigged boats. 
Some schools had simple local area networks of Compis/Scandis computers, where 10-20 machines shared one hard disk of typically 10MB capacity. 
Many mortgage brokers are regulated to assure compliance with banking and finance laws in the jurisdiction of the consumer. 
He represented Northern Ireland at under-21 level. 
From the upper order, he scored 3 runs in the only innings in which he batted. 
The diff command displays the changes made in a standard format, such that both humans and machines can understand the changes and apply them: given one file and the changes, the other file can be created. 
Afterglow is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan. 
Roman numbers are more stable at an estimated 30,000 men total, with around 17,000 of these being Romans and the rest being a composition of Macedonian and Greek allied troops. 
In the 2011 census it had a population of 186.There are nine grade II listed buildings or structures in the parish, including bridges, barns, houses and a limekiln. 
While in the state legislature he advocated for libraries on a statewide level. 
After his death in 1990, the Clermont Historical Society acquired the building for a living history museum, and it contains its original blacksmithing equipment and furnishings. 
The DuBrow/Perris penned "Slam Dunk" was first recorded in 1991 by Pretty Boy Floyd for the movie Switch. 
The Description of a New World, Called The Blazing-World, better known as The Blazing World, is a 1666 work of prose fiction by the English writer Margaret Cavendish, the Duchess of Newcastle. 
Wycliffe is a British television series, based on W. J. Burley's novels about Detective Superintendent Charles Wycliffe. 
Greg Hecht is an American politician, a member of the Democratic Party, and a former member of the Georgia General Assembly in the U.S. state of Georgia. 
Their territory was bordered by the Brigantes to the North, the Corieltauvi to the East, the Dobunni to the South, and the Deceangli, and Ordovices to the West. 
The Jefferson City Buzzards have five parades each spring. 
The other nine tracks on the album are one-minute tracks. 
It was re-released again in 2009 on 180-gram vinyl by Doxy music. 
Students who complete the diploma here may choose to attend higher degrees abroad. 
The house, founded in 1860, produces both vintage and non-vintage cuvee. 
He is best known for his high-energy Game Boy pop songs. 
It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in moist areas of the North Coast Ranges. 
Magnetawan is the setting for The Rogue Hunter, the tenth book in the popular Urban Fantasy Argeneau series by Ontario-born author Lynsay Sands. 
It is unpopulated and undeveloped, almost entirely part of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve. 
He was a member of the Venezuelan team during the 2001 Tournament of the Americas. 
The current Commissioner is Steve Foster, JP, B.Sc., CPA. 
These techniques combine thousands of factors but are similar or identical. 
Anuraga Sangama is a 1995 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed and written by V. Umakanth. 
Cush is a dish that became popular following the Slave Trade. 
Material that is being cut is held tight against the fence in order to ensure that it is cut to the specified width. 
In 2015, she was named the 14th bestselling author over the last five years on Amazon's Kindle in the UK. 
Berrick is a given name. 
He played college football at Alabama, where he was a member of three BCS National Championship teams in the 2009, 2011, and 2012 seasons. 
Most of Brunei's college students attend universities and other institutions abroad, but approximately 2,542 study at the University of Brunei Darussalam. 
The name of the movement came from the three-year Course in Ecclesiastical Architecture which was offered from 1946 to 1973 in the Kruithuis in 's-Hertogenbosch. 
He still works as a media consultant for several high-profile clients including Police Scotland. 
This award recognizes faculty for offering sound counsel, sharing time and expertise, serving as a role model, creating an engaged academic community, and promoting awareness of the men and women they mentor. 
This is a list of all episodes of The NBC Mystery Movie. 
David Obernosterer (born 30 May 1989) is a male badminton player from Austria. 
The Gomphillaceae are a family of lichens in the order Ostropales. 
Anthony-Noel Kelly (born 1956) is a British artist who was found guilty of the theft of body parts from the Royal College of Surgeons, which he had used to make molds for sculptures. 
AZ-TF1 is sponsored by the Phoenix Fire Department. 
Appointed to the task in 1679, he became one of the editors of the many volumes in the series. 
The Antares A-10 Solo is a Ukrainian ultralight trike designed and produced by Antares Aircraft. 
It is the junction between Harraf Street, Tahvili Street and Laleh Street. 
They were part of the new wave of album-oriented bands, achieving renown and popularity despite an almost complete lack of success with their singles, apart from "Fresh Air", which reached number 49 in 1970. 
AS9100 is a widely adopted and standardized quality management system for the aerospace industry. 
Within Italy, CONI recognizes 45 national sports federations, 16 associate sports disciplines, 12 promotional sports organizations, 1 territorial sports organization, and 19 organizations for the betterment of sports. 
Anne O'Garra FRS FMedSci (born 1954) is a British immunologist who has made important discoveries on the mechanism of action of Interleukin 10. 
Among the achievements is the improvement of water services in the capital Tbilisi where water supply is now continuous and of good quality, major improvements in the country's second-largest city Batumi on the Black Sea where the country's first modern wastewater treatment plant now is under operation, as well as a general increase in access to drinking water in the entire country. 
This relies, to a degree, on a series of disturbances changing the influences of groups so as to avoid institutional dominance and ensure competition. 
Created in 2016, it is open to all clubs that are affiliated with the Puerto Rican Football Federation. 
Danielson Heliport (FAA LID: 8OR0) is a private heliport located in Hillsboro in Washington County, Oregon, USA. 
Drama was recorded in a short amount of time as a tour was already booked prior to the change in personnel. 
This is a list of Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas area universities, colleges, seminaries, and schools (and their school districts). 
Silverware contains small silver nanoparticles which contain an antimicrobial agent. 
Flatrock is a town in Newfoundland and Labrador. 
Nance was appointed an Additional Officer of the Order of the British Empire, Military Division, in June 1991, for his service as Commander aboard the destroyer HMS Cardiff in the first Gulf War. 
Liberty Township is one of the twenty townships of Darke County, Ohio, United States. 
It originally opened in September 2013 as STEM Academy Tech City and specialized in Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (STEM) and the Creative Application of Maths and Science. 
The Chalk Hill AVA is an American Viticultural Area (AVA) located in Sonoma County, California. 
Live Web Messenger was the browser-based version of Windows Live Messenger developed by Microsoft which allowed users to send instant messages online and in real-time with others using the Microsoft Messenger service from within a web browser. 
Out, which was launched by the organization Focus on the Family. 
Each ward/division has an average electorate of about 5,500 people, but ward-population counts can vary substantially. 
The two buildings that make up the complex are the Grand Park Center and Michigan Mutual Liability Annex, which are connected via a skyway. 
The ground floor had quarters for the officers and their families who worked at the military prison and the top floor was used as a school and chapel. 
More skirmishing occurred the next day between Ridgefield and the coastline near Westport, Connecticut. 
Brabham driver Denny Hulme won both heats and Jack Brabham won the final, with Brabham and Hulme sharing fastest lap in the final. 
He is also a member of the band Revolution Saints. 
The society holds its Congress on alternate years in centers around the UK, with the Poynter Lecture being held on alternate years in London. 
The river flows out of the lake by Anguillara Sabazia and enters the Tyrrhenian Sea near Maccarese and Fregene, localities in the commune of Fiumicino. 
The color of a diamond may be affected by chemical impurities and/or structural defects in the crystal lattice. 
Potamilus alatus (pink heelsplitter) is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, commonly known as the river mussels. 
The New York Film Critics Online (NYFCO) is an organization founded by Harvey Karten in 2000 composed of Internet film critics based in New York City. 
In the sky it appears close to Gamma Corvi and can be seen in the same binocular field. 
The company is headquartered in Prince Frederick, Maryland near the original Recorded Books operations. 
While players take the role of Poirot, they are actually playing as Captain Hastings playing as Poirot, in an interactive scenario designed by Poirot in order to allow his long-time friend a chance to solve the mystery in the way Poirot would. 
Local marketing lies between these two levels and implies segmentation on a local level. 
The Checks were a New Zealand rock band known for blues-driven, high-energy rock. 
Heiner Friedrich (born April 14, 1938 in Stettin) is an important art dealer and art collector of minimal art and conceptual art. 
Lost Chapters is the twelfth studio album released by West Coast rapper Mr. Capone-E on October 27, 2009. 
He has been a member of the church's presiding bishopric and a member of the Presidency of the Seventy. 
The consumer group states that "according to CSPI nutritionists, the 33 grams of sugar in each bottle of Vitaminwater do more to promote obesity, diabetes and other health problems than the vitamins in the drinks do to perform the advertised benefits listed on the bottles". 
The muriqui is the largest monkey in South America. 
The record was so successful in raising funds, McKeown and Nise received an award from the city of Philadelphia presented by the city's then mayor Wilson Goode, making national and international press. 
Patents evolved from letters patent, issued by the monarch to grant monopolies over particular industries to skilled individuals with new techniques. 
According to one version, the etymology of its name comes from Latin and its literal meaning is pruning. 
After the sentencing, Ochoa escaped and was a fugitive until August 15, 2007 when he went to the police office and was arrested. 
Michael J. Lewis (born March 18, 1946) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
The Breguet 730 was a French flying boat of the 1930s. 
In April or May 1034, John was forced to flee Amalfi again, this time because Pandulf had conquered Gaeta (1032) and was threatening the remaining coastal cities, including Naples, to which John fled, for Duke Sergius IV of Naples was likewise sheltering the deposed John V of Gaeta. 
Mount Vernon pays about eighty percent of Trion's taxes. 
Youth & Young Manhood is the debut album from American rock band Kings of Leon, released on July 7, 2003, in the United Kingdom and on August 19, 2003, in the United States. 
Chase then enrolled at the University of California, Santa Barbara and graduated in 1976 with a B.S. in geology. 
He was a member of the Sudanese Communist Party, and served as Minister of Southern Affairs in the Sudanese Government. 
It is part of Thunder Bay's Census Metropolitan Area. 
Beckhead Plantation is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and nature reserve in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. 
The government of Somalia, then led by the Supreme Revolutionary Council, intervened by threatening that if such brutalities did not cease, the Somali military would overthrow the Nairobi regime and occupy the country. 
A new tranche of managers were recruited identifying key skills such as prisoner management, problem solving, project management and compliance. 
The following are international rankings of Croatia. 
The notion is echoed by other contemporary films, such as a rapid series of three contemporary Lone Ranger films. 
According to the story, Christopher Wren, who helped design the Oakes family mansion, said Connecticut has "a kind of American beauty," resembling Kent but possessing larger and higher landscapes. 
The Gage Baronetcy, of Firle Place in the County of Sussex, was created in the Baronetage of England on 26 March 1622. 
The company was founded in 1979 and is a division of Specialty Catalog Corporation. 
For more than a century (the bell) was rung daily morning, noon and evening, at stated hours, besides announcing hours of religious services and alarms of fire, tolling for departed citizens, and pealing in honor of independence days and other occasions of joy. 
Khan, however, claimed that he was disqualified not for dishonesty, but for being unafraid to speak his mind. 
The largest annual event in Hastings, the Canada Day celebrations, includes amongst other events a parade that runs through downtown during the day and a fireworks display at the waterfront at dusk. 
Ronald Ward was a British actor who appeared in more than twenty British films between 1931 and 1956. 
His son is Mitch Nilsson, currently contracted to the Cleveland Indians and nephew Jay Nilsson, former Gulf Coast Indians player. 
Other more abstract topics in which he has worked include understanding the physical basis for the direction of time and interpretations of quantum mechanics. 
The habitat consists of submontane and montane forests and dense woodland. 
Belchertown (previously known as Cold Spring and Belcher's Town) is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. 
Edwin Maka (born 25 February 1993) is a New Zealand-born Tongan rugby union player. 
Punjabi Tribune is a Punjabi language daily newspaper owned by The Tribune Trust, publishes in the Punjab, India. 
RSP's Raw Material Division PL&DQ is near 6km of Hatibari. 
T2 is deliberately self-referential, with film clips, music and echoes from the first film. 
Prior to 1973, the team was known as the Columbus Golden Seals since 1971. 
As with most other geochronologic units, the rock beds that define the Mississippian are well identified, but the exact start and end dates are uncertain by a few million years. 
Oscar Ortigosa (born 29 January 1966) is a Peruvian swimmer. 
William Mann was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1625. 
He is the patron of the parish churches of St Juliot and Lanteglos by Camelford. 
She previously held leadership positions at Bayer Medical Care, Medco Health Solutions, Nabisco and Whirlpool Corporation. 
The Whole Thing's Started. 
Patients with Type 2 AIP do not experience relapse, tend to be younger and not associated with systemic disease. 
Most of its course is within the area managed by the Witham Third District IDB, an Internal Drainage Board responsible for land drainage. 
It is approximately 3 miles (4.8 kilometers) north of the county seat, Santa Ana. 
It originally aired on NBC on February 24, 1995. 
The series is produced by Warner Bros. Animation and Cartoon Network UK and premiered in the United States on Cartoon Network on April 5, 2010, with the next twelve episodes continuing, and the first episode re-airing, on July 12, 2010. 
A groom often supported the shield during the reloading. 
Mordella brevicornis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily. 
Peter Berg, who is Bissinger's cousin and who directed the film, wrote and directed the pilot episode, and served as executive producer for the series. 
The lead ship of two in her class, she was named for a ruminant mammal belonging to the family Cervidae. 
Arkham City Lockdown was released in December. 
Bernard de Wolff (1 November 1955 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch painter of contemporary cityscapes, cows, landscapes and nudes. 
In the village is a memorial to George Meikle Kemp, the architect who designed the Scott Monument in Edinburgh. 
It is located in the remote southwestern corner of the island, in the Chania regional unit. 
She served as the President of the Board of Harbor Commissioners under Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, overseeing the Port of Los Angeles. 
The Providence Friars men's soccer program represents the Providence College in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions. 
It was released in the fall of 1999 and reissued almost a decade later. 
Cat People is a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader. 
Among the main features of this car is an ordinary right side rear door while on the left side, the rear door is a sliding door without an intermediate pillar. 
George F. MacDonald (born 1938) is a Canadian anthropologist and museum director who pioneered archeological and ethnohistorical research on the Tsimshian and Gitksan and was the director of the Canadian Museum of Civilization from 1983 to 1998. 
Current lineup consists of Martin J. Andersen (guitars, vocals), Jesper Bunk (bass) and Anders Hvidtfeldt (drums), who replaced original drummer, Benjamin Hove a few months after the debut album was released in 2003. 
In 2016, the Mountaineer football team made the state playoffs for the first time in school history, with a record of 9-3. 
At these Championships, bands are judged in their respective classes, including A, AA, AAA, and AAAA. 
Brook Robert Lopez (born April 1, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 
When a woman comes between them, however, it takes a war to bring them back together again. 
It was established in 1935, with the preamble stating: Having decided upon the adoption of certain proposals with regard to the employment of women on underground work in mines of all kinds,.. 
It is published in the United States and distributed in other countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, France, Sweden, Iceland, and New Zealand. 
Al Ma'afer District is a district of the Taiz Governorate, Yemen. 
Following full recognition by NMC, KMCTH is also listed in the International Medical Education Directory (IMED). 
The 380s decade ran from January 1, 380, to December 31, 389. 
Raymong Wong Hung-chiu (born 29 July 1957), is the current Permanent Secretary for Education of Hong Kong. 
He showed promising form as a two-year-old in 1998, winning one of his four races and finishing second in both the Chesham Stakes and the Solario Stakes. 
After traveling around the world Naomi met Jeffrey Alford in Tibet in 1985 and the two were soon married. 
He is one of the country's most successful producers, and became known for a series of commercial successes and for screen adaptations of literary works. 
High Falls Creek is a creek in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located in the New Westminster Land District. 
It serves 25 metro stations and has 26 stops, metros on that line stopping twice at Simonis. 
He was recruited by St Kilda where he made his senior VFL debut in round 8, 1980, against Geelong Football Club at Geelong's home ground, Kardinia Park. 
The Kattubava Mosque or Kattubava Pallivasal situated in Pudukkottai district is an important Islamic pilgrimage center. 
Owens was a long-time head coach of Colorado College, and is now the head coach of the Sioux Falls Stampede. 
Xoes egeria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Xoes. 
It was formed by regionalist parties form the former Rainbow Group, although its largest and dominant member party was the French Energie Radicale. 
Leaves are double pinnate. 
It can be distinguished from the philosophy of healthcare, which is mostly concerned with ethical and political issues arising from healthcare research and practice. 
The most recent election was in May 2013; the next is due to be held in 2019. 
After being delisted he nominated for the 1998 AFL Draft and was re-signed by Collingwood, but he would only play reserves matches. 
Purchases made based on mulu recommendations benefit either the user who made the recommendation or the charity of their choosing. 
The film tells the story of a lonely petrol station attendant and how he slowly begins to come out of his shell. 
The NX bit (no-execute) is a technology used in CPUs to segregate areas of memory for use by either storage of processor instructions (code) or for storage of data, a feature normally only found in Harvard architecture processors. 
He played 5 years in Major League Baseball between 1996 and 2002. 
Bigg Boss in 2006 was the first season of the Indian reality TV program Bigg Boss. 
It has pronounced black eyes, white abdomen, and orange "bib" which set it apart from its cousin the Virginia tiger moth. 
Their first recording, Franny Franny, released as "The Ebb Tides", was the result of meeting talent scout Murray Jacobs in 1957 and was widely played by Alan Freed. 
A series of 9 initial "6-packs" including some of the songs from the album had been announced for 2011. 
Everybody they could find was killed, including the local Sheik. 
He filmed Turkey Boy in Japan in 2008. 
Screens made of silk or synthetic fabrics are used for the screenprinting process. 
Hypocrita phanoptoides is a moth of the family Erebidae. 
This is a list of elected members of the Australian Capital Territory Advisory Council from its creation in 1930 until its replacement by the Australian Capital Territory House of Assembly in 1974. 
She must attend school in the United States, but without divulging that she is a princess or a spy. 
Moore is a founding member of Oregon, but worked also regularly with Rabih Abou-Khalil, Vasant Rai, Nancy King and Larry Karush. 
Dalhousie Hilltop School (DHS) is a CBSE affiliated co-educational residential school serving Kindergarten to class 12 (all streams) located in the Upper Bakrota Hills of Dalhousie, Himachal Pradesh, India. 
The population was 12,075 at the 2010 census. 
Monochamus subtriangularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
The election was won by Labor's Frank Donovan, with the party suffering a small swing against it from the 1986 state election. 
Arrupe Jesuit High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Denver, Colorado, United States. 
The SNP campaigned widely in both the February 1974 UK General Election and subsequent October 1974 UK General Election using this slogan. 
The two tracks need not necessarily be of the same gage. 
The members of the 20th Alberta Legislative Assembly were elected in the general election held on November 2, 1982. 
It was the original tag team title of the Carolina Wrestling Federation promotion, later used in the Frontier Wrestling Alliance (2001-2004) and AWA Superstars (2005-2007) as a regional title, officially representing the Mid-Atlantic United States, while it was a member of the respective governing bodies. 
York County is part of the Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-Rock Hill SC Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Krishnaganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in Nadia district in the Indian state of West Bengal. 
Territorial nationalism describes a form of nationalism based on the belief that all inhabitants of a particular territory should share a common national identity, regardless of their ethnic, linguistic, religious, cultural and other differences. 
The song was recorded the same year by Larry Darnell, who had his most successful release with his version of the song. 
List of actors who have played Dr. Watson in various media. 
Tommy Guerrero (born September 9, 1966) is an American professional skateboarder, company owner and musician. 
Although the Social Democratic Party received the largest share of the vote, the Venstre Reform Party won the most seats. 
After graduating from Columbia University in 1995, Schaffer began his career as a writer at City Paper, where he eventually became the editor David Carr (journalist)'s deputy. 
Wand vibrators can be used for massage. 
In addition to the above list of members there have been numerous other members of C.O.B.D.O over the years who are not historically listed. 
Both governments insist on being the sole legitimate representative of all of China, for details of their UN membership, see China and the United Nations. 
The seal was that of the Olavbrothers but was used by delegates to represent all the farmers and populace of Sunnhordland. 
This is a list of people reported killed by non-military law enforcement officers in the United States in March 2013, whether in the line of duty or not, and regardless of reason or method. 
Sundsvall Dragons was a professional Swedish basketball club from Sundsvall. 
The company has offices in Dublin, London, and Toronto and has customers in Ireland, the UK, the US, Canada and Africa. 
She is best known for her role as Jessica Arnold in the BBC school drama, Grange Hill, in which she acted between 1994 and 1998. 
From 2000-01, the event was held in Egypt. 
Sri chaitanya started in 1986 with a girls junior college in vijayawada. 
The Garganica is a breed of domestic goat which originated on the Gargano promontory in the Puglia region of southern Italy. 
Ellis left Bad Girls in the seventh series and his character was murdered by inmate Julie Johnston (Kika Mirylees). 
Inaugurated in 1974, the event currently offers a purse of US$400,000. 
In ancient Egypt, this was treated with animal liver, which is where vitamin A is stored. 
Maitland has an honors degree in Human Communication and doctorate in Psycholinguistics. 
She co-owns the London-based Pelgrane Press Ltd with Simon J Rogers. 
A third burgh constituency, Hawick Burghs, was newly created, receiving one member. 
Many reporters and analysts believe that large banks purposely leave ambiguous the proportion of proprietary versus non-proprietary trading, because it is felt that proprietary trading is riskier and results in more volatile profits. 
In philately, an omnibus issue is an issue of stamps by several countries with a common subject and which may share a uniform design. 
These may include: information boards, photographs and pictures, maps or plans, display cases and models, slides, sound or multimedia devices, facilities to enable experimentation and so on. 
He is the only IAS officer to have served as Chief Secretary of two states Bihar & Jharkhand. 
Central to this claim was evidence by Treasury official Godwin Grech before a Senate inquiry in June 2009 that a Prime Ministerial adviser had emailed him asking for preferential treatment for the dealer. 
Her first release in over three years, Gabrielle reteamed with longtime collaborators Julian Gallagher and The Boilerhouse Boys to work on the album. 
No team was promoted from the 2017 I.F.C. due to the rule that no reserve side who wins the I.F.C. (in this case Na Fianna 'B') can be promoted to the S.F.C. St. Vincent's were the defending champions having defeated Ballymun Kickhams in the previous year's final. 
As a two-year-old in 2006 she was one of the best fillies of her generation in Ireland when she won three of eight races including the Moyglare Stud Stakes and the Goffs Million as well as finishing third in the Phoenix Stakes. 
He later moved to the Chicago Wolves as coach in 1994 and has remained with the organization ever since. 
The Ministry of Industry, Mining and Energy (MIME) is a government ministry responsible for governing and the mining industry and the energy industry of Cambodia. 
It included a cover of "In Between Days" (originally by The Cure, from their 1985 album The Head on the Door). 
Those that returned decided to build the fort for their own protection; construction was finished later that same year. 
They have recorded one self-titled album, released in 2010. 
Myrmosleichus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae. 
Darren Elias (born November 18, 1986) is an American professional poker player who holds the record for most World Poker Tour titles with four. 
Recurring examples include the "Blue Book", or the annual Guide to Queens every January, Best of Queens, Arts & Culture, Gay Pride, and Community Characters editions. 
He originally gained fame when he released his eponymously titled debut solo effort on Atlantic Records in 1988. 
Allen E. Paulson Stadium is a 28,000 seat on campus football stadium in Statesboro, Georgia. 
Parasiccia perirrorata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. 
In 1919, it merged with the Postmen's Federation and the Postal and Telegraph Clerks' Association, forming the Union of Post Office Workers. 
Murillo has made 28 appearances for the Colombia national football team, including two matches at the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup. 
It is located 13 kilometers from Kotli. 
The 5th Academy Awards were conducted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences on November 18, 1932, at a ceremony held at The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, California. 
Senators are elected in even-numbered years when the President of the United States is not being elected, similar to most other state offices in Maryland. 
He played eleven seasons in the National Football League with the Seattle Seahawks and the Philadelphia Eagles. 
The album was produced, mixed and mastered by Stuart Stuart at Analog Heart Studios, Brisbane. 
Battal is a town which is owned by the KHAN family and a union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 
She qualified as an Industrial laboratory technician, and is currently she working at a bio-scientific faculty for food, veterinary medicine and natural resources. 
The 1913 Washington and Lee Generals football team represented the Washington and Lee Generals of Washington and Lee during the 1913 college football season. 
Bill was appointed as the Deputy Director of the National Hurricane Center From August 2007 until he was selected for the position of director on January 25, 2008. 
Proteins containing BIR are known as inhibitor of apoptosis proteins (IAPs), or BIR-containing proteins (BIRPs or BIRCs), and include BIRC1 (NAIP), BIRC2 (cIAP1), BIRC3 (cIAP2), BIRC4 (xIAP), BIRC5 (survivin) and BIRC6.BIR domains belong to the zinc-finger domain family and characteristically have a number of invariant amino acid residues, including 3 conserved cysteines and one conserved histidine, which coordinate a zinc ion. 
It lives in primary and secondary forests that have a closed canopy. 
He is most noted for holding the presidency of the Western Bulldogs, an Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
The list of most successful U-boat commanders contains the top-scoring German U-boat commanders in the two World Wars based on their total tonnage sunk. 
It also peaked at number 29 on the UK Singles Chart. 
Pozzolana are naturally occurring pozzolans of volcanic origin. 
The resort is on the Bay of Bengal and is approximately 16 kilometers from the Baleswar Railway Station. 
Eskil Suter (born 29 June 1967) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and current motorcycle chassis constructor from Switzerland. 
Riaz Kail (born 10 November 1988) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who played for Abbottabad cricket team. 
In 2008, ceramic artists are invited from Great Britain, the Netherlands and Belgium. 
It is the most commonly encountered member of the genus Blissus, which are all known as chinch bugs. 
The Octagon is predominantly a pedestrian reserve, with grass and paved features, and is surmounted by a statue of the Scottish poet Robert Burns. 
Harcourt Cemetery is a city-owned and operated public cemetery located along Aggrey Road in the Old Township district of Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital. 
It is similar to M. ciliata but has a more northerly distribution. 
It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya and Rwanda. 
Night World is a series of ten (with the tenth as yet unpublished) young adult fantasy novels by American author L. J. Smith. 
Les Barrett (born 22 October 1947 in Chelsea) is an English former professional footballer, making the third-all-time record appearances for Fulham of 487 starts and 4 substitutions. 
James Galante (born 1953) is a convicted felon and associate of the Genovese crime family, owner of the defunct Danbury Trashers minor league hockey team and also a racecar team fielding cars for Ted Christopher, and ex-CEO of Automated Waste Disposal (AWD), a company which holds waste disposal contracts for most of western Connecticut and Westchester and Putnam counties in New York. 
The album is divided into three EPs, with each part consisting of five songs and a separate lead single. 
Throughput of the port is included in the 15 largest Russian sea ports. 
Fighting Fiction were a British punk rock band based for most of their career in Brighton, driven by core members Jacob Glew and Andrew Cooke. 
After spending the 1993 season in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) playing for Norwood, Ahmat received a lifeline from Sydney, who recruited him with the first pick of the 1993 Mid-Season Draft. 
Polisbet is a town located in the local government area of the Rural City of Swan Hill, Victoria, Australia. 
He played as a right-arm off spin bowler. 
It premiered as a Sci Fi Pictures TV-movie on the Sci Fi Channel on November 16, 2002. 
Elk Creek Township was erected in 1841, taking its name from Elk Creek. 
The stem and leafstalks are green, or very faintly tinged with purple, and bear a few white spines. 
The song reached number one in 11 countries and the top five in many more regions. 
The Circle of Palms Plaza is located in downtown San Jose, California. 
The Black Meteor is a 2000 Dutch film directed by Guido Pieters. 
GPR64, together with F-actin scaffold, locates at the nonciliated principal cells of the proximal male excurrent duct epithelia, where reabsorption of testicular fluid and concentration of sperm takes place. 
The campaign is intended to be synergistic with new technology and with the FAA Safety Management System approach. 
De Avonturen van Pietje Bell is a 1964 Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden. 
The end of the show is marked by the handover to the next shift and the release of detained miscreans either to discharge without charge or for processing for court. 
George Ross, 11th Lord Ross of Halkhead (died April 1682), was a Scottish nobleman and soldier. 
Davis is a former college football quarterback who played for the Alabama Crimson Tide from 1970 to 1972. 
Mary Germaine is an English film actress. 
This article lists the team squads of the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. 
The Nationals finished the 2011 season in third place in the NL East with an 80-81 record, playing only 161 games because one game against the Los Angeles Dodgers was canceled due to rain. 
Newfoundland, as a British colony and dominion, held 29 general elections for its 28 Newfoundland House of Assemblies. 
The line is not always sharp, as a language may have specialized features for a particular domain but be applicable more broadly, or conversely may in principle be capable of broad application but in practice used primarily for a specific domain. 
They served through the Korean War and several served in foreign navies. 
Cephalotes manni is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes, characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to "parachute" by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. 
School for Boys, is located in Sivan Koil Street, Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India. 
Ania Pieroni is a former Italian actress, known for The House by the Cemetery (1981), Tenebrae (1982) and Inferno (1980). 
No Bananas is a 10-episode television miniseries that aired on BBC TV in 1996. 
Such things as what attributes and skills will define characters are left to be determined by the Game Master and players, and several different optional systems for resolving actions and conflicts are offered. 
Truman won Montana by a substantial margin of 9.94 percent. 
Beasley was a consensus All-American for the Tigers in 2013 and 2014. 
Naznin Faruque (born August 1, 1954) is an Indian social worker, politician and a Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha) elected from Assam, India being an Indian National Congress candidate. 
The group's name probably derives from Amicus the union, the union's campaigning slogan. 
She was a 1966 foal, and her sire was Jim Harlan and her dam was a Waggoner Ranch mare named Miss Paulo 45. 
19 Entertainment is a producer of entertainment properties for television with a focus on music. 
Over the course of the 19th century alcohol and narcotics became heavily abused to the point that by the turn of the century alcohol abuse was listed a significant cause of premature deaths. 
The single was the last of his three number-one U.S. R&B hits and one of his final crossover singles, peaking at number eighteen on the Billboard Hot 100. 
The group worked to abolish both gender and race bias. 
Tegostoma pseudonoctua is a moth in the family Crambidae. 
They were signed to Wah Wah Records after Paul Kosky heard their demo. 
Greg Nelson and Jenny Gardner are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American soap opera All My Children. 
In the beginning of 2015, she became line-up artist at the 2015 Jakarta International Java Jazz Festival. 
It was written by Ontrack, a company later acquired by Kroll Inc. Installation covered different aspects: explaining personal computer hardware concepts documenting switches of many of the existing disks putting into place custom device drivers which circumvented BIOS limitations, notably those related to maximum disk or partition size and logical block addressing providing testing and informational utilitiesDrivers could be either DOS-type, or replacement master boot record code. 
Keeling's work challenges conventional norms surrounding sex, gender, race, and religion. 
It is considered the first British women's football team and a pioneering team in the history of the sport. 
The song peaked to number 30 on the UK Singles Chart. 
V3903 Sagittarii is an eclipsing binary star system in the constellation Sagittiarus. 
The song was performed by Hovi Star. 
Romanesque is the debut extended play released by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. 
Panhandle Independent School District is a public school district based in Panhandle, Texas (USA). 
On the UK album chart he had 30 entries with 11 of those making the top 10. 
It was published on March 7, 1788 under the pseudonym "Publius", the name under which all The Federalist papers were published. 
The group stops at various public events, as well as schools, camps and other gatherings of people to make educational presentations. 
The album was released on October 4, 2011 by Fair Trade Services record label. 
Easy Taxi was founded in 2011 in Brazil and has since expanded globally, covering the network of 30 countries and more than 420 cities. 
The team relocated to Saskatoon, Canada. 
She was laid down on 11 January 1936, launched 16 March 1937 and not completed until 31 January 1939, being delayed by the British re-armament program. 
Muirfield had hosted the Open Championship the previous year, won by American Lee Trevino. 
Huikap is a village in the Imphal East district of Manipur, India. 
Stories for the Soul is a Philippine television drama anthology series broadcast by GMA Network. 
Maine is one of two states in the U.S. that chooses two of its four representatives in the Electoral College based on the plurality vote in both its congressional districts instead of all four electors being chosen based on the statewide plurality vote. 
A planar Fourier capture array (PFCA) is a tiny camera that requires no mirror, lens, focal length, or moving parts. 
Its Health Professions Branch offers the most transfers, closely followed by the Global Enterprises program. 
The men's 50 meter freestyle competition at the 1991 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 25 at the Kinsmen Sports Center. 
Scientific researches on plant wealth are pursued through the following Divisions: 1. 
Founded in 1970, it is part of the University of La Verne in the Inland Empire. 
West Coast jazz refers to styles of jazz that developed in Los Angeles and San Francisco during the 1950s. 
Randall served as Chief Justice during a turbulent time for Florida and the Court. 
He was the first piano-accordionist to appear on big-time vaudeville, records, radio and the screen. 
The castle was built on the north bank of the river Aller above the flood plain. 
South Wallins is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States. 
The paper distributes 24,000 copies per week throughout the Halifax Regional Municipality. 
Sitalpati, also called sital pati and sittal pati, is a kind of mat which feels cold by nature. 
The community is named after early land owner Fred S. Tryon. 
According to the experts, the growth of steel industry in Bangladesh is mainly induced by the rapid expansion of the country's shipbuilding and real estate sector, as well as the major investments in various infrastructure projects throughout the country. 
Lightering (also called lighterage) is the process of transferring cargo between vessels of different sizes, usually between a barge and a bulker or oil tanker. 
Helen Louise Thorington (born November 16, 1928 in Philadelphia, PA) is an American sound artist and writer. 
The school accepts students from standards (grades) 5-12 and is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). 
A flanker, he has captained the Wales Under-21 side and has played for the Wales Sevens team. 
Usage of the tactic extended to Russian President Vladimir Putin and his spokesman, Dmitry Peskov. 
The executive editors are Peter Kerr (University of Birmingham) and Steven Kettell (University of Warwick). 
Jim Carns (born September 21, 1940) is an American politician and businessman (manufacturing). 
The poem exhorted Filipinos to join the crusade to achieve real Philippine independence. 
The cereal is sold in the United Kingdom, Canada, Iceland, Ireland, New Zealand and Australia as of March 2008, but has been discontinued in other markets. 
Known for her innovative flattering cuts as well as sustainable ethical supply chains. 
The yellow-throated frog, Trinidadian stream frog, Trinidad stream frog, or Trinidad poison frog (Mannophryne trinitatis) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family that is endemic to the island of Trinidad in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. 
Dating from 1876, the bank was designed by local architect Thomas Bower as a branch of the Midland Bank, and later became a branch of Barclays. 
For certain situations, the law says that safe identification is needed, without saying how it should done. 
This wildflower is native to western North America where it is found in mountain meadows. 
Larger studies (with smaller SE and larger 1/SE) will be observed to aggregate away from the origin. 
Rishathra is also used as a form of birth control. 
The island attracts a small number of visitors each year, mainly game fishermen and bird enthusiasts. 
It also holds the Investors in People Award. 
It was released on 12 May 2003 on Superior Quality Recordings. 
Down to Nothing (or DTN) are an American straight edge hardcore punk band from Richmond, Virginia. 
The inauguration marked the beginning of the first term of Filipe Nyusi as President. 
The Wendy Williams Experience is an American reality television series that aired on VH1 from October 20, 2006, to December 9, 2006. 
He was clearly friendly with the British, since he is on record as one of the honored guests at the inauguration of St. Thomas' Cathedral on Christmas Day, 1718. 
A member of the Broad Front, in 1989 he took part in the establishment of the moderate sector Vertiente Artiguista. 
Redwood's decision to resign from the Senate and emigrate to Canada with his family in May 2013 was controversial, although Redwood promised to return to Jamaica after settling his family abroad. 
Inkom is a city in Bannock County, Idaho, United States. 
This is a list of materials with religious significance in Hinduism. 
Daryl Millard (born 20 February 1985) is an Australian rugby league player of Fijian descent who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs of the National Rugby League. 
The Embassy of Hungary in Ottawa is the embassy of Hungary to Canada. 
It saw Elke Sommer's only appearance in a Carry On and was the first of two entries in the series for Windsor Davies. 
This is a list of canceled nuclear reactors in the United States. 
Fort William Junction is a railway junction on the West Highland Line in Scotland, located to the east of Fort William railway station. 
Quebec uses a unicameral (originally bicameral) Westminster-style parliamentary government, in which the premier is the leader of the party that controls the most seats in the National Assembly (previously called the Legislative Assembly). 
He won the 1988 Sydney International Piano Competition (as a Soviet citizen) and the 1995 Arthur Rubinstein Competition in Tel Aviv. 
Saint-Jean-Baptiste-de-Restigouche is an unincorporated community in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada. 
Bewdley is a historic plantation house located near St. Stephens Church, King and Queen County, Virginia. 
The station is in zone 2 on the Chestnut Hill East Line, on former Reading Railroad tracks, and is 9.3 track miles from Suburban Station. 
In 1282 Riga became a member of the Hanseatic League bringing both commerce and industry to Riga. 
A cochlear implant or auditory brainstem implant may help some who have hearing loss. 
Rigby added the five o'clock co-news anchor with Jennifer Johnson. 
The venue was built in 1928 and was used as an entertainment venue throughout the first half of the twentieth century. 
They have also won three Minor County Championships, 2007, 2008 and 2014. 
The SYMA began negotiating a merger with the West Yorkshire Miners' Association; this was completed in 1881, forming the new Yorkshire Miners' Association. 
It is a 68 jig, performed to a tune Mrs McMillan's Quadrille. 
Adams batted and threw right-handed. 
The film was a remake of the 1976 Hindi film Kalicharan. 
Most studios did not have the means to stand against the Trust and were forced out of operation. 
Many Moods of the Upsetters is a studio album by The Upsetters, released in 1970. 
Bloodless surgery is a non-invasive surgical method developed by orthopedic surgeon, Adolf Lorenz, who was known as "the bloodless surgeon of Vienna". 
This led to the program being canceled in 1977, after the B-1A prototypes had been built. 
He subsequently went into football management. 
However, in practical usage it often refers to the traditional practices developed within specific ethnic cultures, especially those aspects of culture that have been practiced since ancient times. 
The episode is significant in story arcs regarding the romance between detectives Laura Ballard and Paul Falsone and Lt. 
Founded in 1967, BC Housing is a provincial Crown corporation under the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing that develops, manages and administers a wide range of subsidized housing options across the province. 
Durand William Springer (born August 9, 1866) was an American football coach and college faculty member. 
Norman "Keith" Boardman AO, FRS (born 16 August 1926 Geelong, Victoria) is an Australia biochemist. 
In Croatia-Slavonia, stamps of Hungary overprinted with "HRVATSKA / SHS" went on sale 18 November. 
EFORT Open Reviews is a gold open access journal and hence articles published in the journal are available online to anyone, free of charge. 
Aglaia brassii is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. 
The American pygmy shrew (Sorex hoyi) is a small shrew found in Northern Alaska, Canada and the northern United States, south through the Appalachian Mountains. 
In 2009 Elaine's second radio play 1923 premiered on Radio Kerry. 
The King is the Commander-in-Chief of the Umbutfo Swaziland Defense Force (USDF), and the substantive Minister of the Ministry of Defense. 
It is bounded by Manphil to the south, Asia-1 to the east, MCDC to the northwest, and Carmelray Industrial Park to the north. 
Terra 2001 is the second album of The Brilliant Green released on September 8, 1999. 
It employs 140 people in three UK locations - Ipswich, Hook in Hampshire and Hessle in Yorkshire In February 2014, Police Mutual acquired Forces Financial for an undisclosed fee. 
Aerosmith has also won once each in the categories Video of the Year, Best Group Video, and Best Video from a Film. 
Hartnett subsequently joined his brother, John, on the Cork senior team, making his debut during the 1984 championship. 
Michael Jai Feinberg is a photographer and software designer best known for creating the computer games Endorfun and Ishido. 
In particular, the lack of exposure is thought to lead to defects in the establishment of immune tolerance. 
The show originally features ten contestants who must survive for seven days in an abandoned shopping center overrun by zombies set six months after exposure to "5G Wifi". 
He was policy adviser to Foreign Minister Shimon Peres in the early 1990s. 
The song "Caribou Lou" was later certified Gold in 2012, and certified platinum later in 2017.Eminem was set to appear on the track "My World" with Tech N9ne and Brotha Lynch but complications with his best friend Proof being killed led him to not being able to record his verse, so Dalima took over his spot on the album. 
The Liberty Grove development won the 1999 Urban Development Institute of Australia award for excellence. 
All fair minded people realize, that the female religious, working every day in the numerous kindergartens, schools, hospitals and orphanages are not agents but follow the calling of God. 
Festung Norwegen (Fortress Norway) was the German term for the heavy defense and fortification system of Norway during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany in World War II. 
Lherm is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France. 
The New York State Police Troop C scandal involved the fabrication of evidence by members of the New York State Police, which was used to convict suspects in Central New York. 
8 Gorkha Rifles is a Gorkha regiment of the Indian Army comprising Gurkha soldiers of Nepalese origin. 
Eigg is a landing craft car ferry built for Caledonian MacBrayne in 1974. 
The men's heavyweight event was part of the weightlifting program at the 1932 Summer Olympics. 
Museum anthropology is a domain of scholarship and professional practice in the discipline of anthropology. 
Things is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd. 
The station was opened in 1878; and closed on 10 August 1959 for passengers and 2 November 1987 for goods traffic. 
The Fiat 850 (Tipo 100G) is a small rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive car manufactured and marketed by Italian car manufacturer Fiat from 1964 to 1973. 
He has championed the argument that "Africa is poor because she is not free", that the primary cause of African poverty is less a result of the oppression and mismanagement by colonial powers, but rather a result of modern oppressive native autocrats and socialist central planning policies. 
They appear in period-style black and white sequences that are used to frame the re-dubbed clips of car chases, explosions, flying men, sinister villains and villainesses, fights, and various other perils that are strung together in a somewhat incoherent plot. 
It is actually more related to Alquerque, since the board is made up of intersection points and lines connecting them. 
It was a variety show, with comedy and musical performances. 
When Sultan Qaytbay discovered that he was the brother of his favorite concubine he was appointed dawadar, the protector of the Sultan's heir and the future Sultan, Muhammad. 
It is dedicated to the study of the works and creatures of God. 
The formation of the Association and the Hall was prompted by five professors from Michigan State University who were teaching a Women in American Society course. 
It was the second event of fourteen in the 2016 International V8 Supercars Championship and hosted Races 4 and 5 of the season. 
Cyrtoclymeniina was an extinct suborder of ammonites that existed during the Devonian. 
The legislature sat from November 24, 1977, to October 13, 1981.The Progressive Conservative Party led by Sterling Lyon formed the government. 
He sat as Member of Parliament for Poole. 
Fung Kai Hong (born 25 January 1986) is a footballer from Hong Kong who currently plays for Wong Tai Sin in the Hong Kong Premier League. 
CS-Script has been used in a number of open-source and proprietary products of different scale and complexity (e.g. FlashDevelop, MediaPortal). 
It used to be considered a subspecies of the common cicadabird. 
Furthermore, a DVD of Bob Culbertson live (recorded in studio, in front of blue screen) is available. 
100, 000/- (Sri Lankan Rupees) for anyone who could demonstrate supernatural or miraculous powers under fool-proof and fraud-proof conditions. 
The company employs approximately 2,600 people in 15 countries and its integrated organization consists of Zambon Company SpA, the industrial holding company for the group which comprises Zach System (fine chemicals), Zambon SpA (pharmaceuticals) and Z-Cube (Research Venture). 
They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. 
The verifier compared the second operator's keystrokes with the contents of the original card. 
East Gaffney is a census-designated place (CDP) in Cherokee County, South Carolina, United States. 
This album is more hip hop oriented than its predecessor. 
Kyaing lies on the right (western) bank of the Ywa Chaung tributary of the Maw River. 
Unterach is a village in the Austria state of Upper Austria on the southern shore of lake Attersee in the center of the Salzkammergut region. 
The verses of alvars are compiled as Nalayira Divya Prabandham and the 108 temples revered are classified as Divya desam. 
Puncturella parvinobilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets. 
Alongside Nicholson in the band are Jon McClure and Joe Moskow, both of Reverend and the Makers, Babyshambles bassist Drew McConnell and Matt Helders from Arctic Monkeys as well as London rapper Lowkey from the Poisonous Poets. 
Remarkably, Australia won both matches by exactly the same margin, 45 runs. 
Arthur Malcolm Price (born 30 April 1946) is a retired English motorcycle speedway rider. 
Before 2010, the solo artist went under the stage name Ally Cupcake. 
Uban is a state constituency in Penang, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly since 1986. 
In 2015, it was announced that a fresh inquest was to be held. 
Some of these end uses are detectable (and measurable) while others are more difficult to gage. 
Gerald A. "Jerry" Krummel is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. 
Sadie Benning's Flat Is Beautiful, and the movie Frisk by Todd Verow. 
In the Far East, it was titled Dracula and the 7 Golden Vampires. 
Sundarapandiapuram is a panchayat town in Tirunelveli district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 
Gomez has represented England at every level and played every minute of every match when England won the 2014 UEFA European Under-17 Championship. 
Venkatapuram is a 2017 Telugu crime thriller film claimed to be based on true events. 
On Saturday 4 April 2009, an 11-year-old boy was found with critical head injuries near a brickpit in a rural area of Edlington, while his nine-year-old nephew was found wandering nearby with knife wounds. 
Other dynasties of the Old Kingdom include the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth. 
The arms, set through the soundboard at points distant about the third of the diameter from the circumference, have the familiar fan shape. 
He had filed the appeal under that name while representing himself. 
During his father's presidency, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1989 to 1991 and represented Bongoville as a Deputy in the National Assembly from 1991 to 1999; subsequently he was Minister of Defense from 1999 to 2009. 
Camp Columbia was a United States Army military camp located in Wacol, near Brisbane, built during World War II to accommodate American troops. 
Osbert was one of a group of men who are considered the first signs of a professional judiciary in England. 
Ian Wynne, 2004 Olympic K1 500m bronze medallist, is an honorary member of the club. 
Compared to microcode, another popular design technique, random logic offers faster execution of processor opcodes, provided that processor speeds are faster than memory speeds. 
Lead vocalists Graham Russell and Russell Hitchcock sang their parts to tracks laid down by American studio musicians. 
The Atlantic jackknife clam has inspired a kind of biomimetic anchor in development by a team at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, adapting the clam's digging method for use in keeping undersea cables and potentially watercraft anchored securely. 
In 2004 the novel was shortlisted the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for the Asia/Pacific region (Best First Book) and One Book One Brisbane. 
It currently fields two teams every Saturday. 
Methodists built the church at Barber in 1917. 
The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2012. 
It is native to South America, where its distribution includes Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. 
Most of the works discovered are associated with the Epicurean philosopher and poet Philodemus of Gadara. 
American wild ale generally refers to beers brewed in America using yeast or bacteria in addition to Saccharomyces cerevisiae for fermentation. 
Jennissen graduated from the University of Saskatchewan in 1966 with degrees in Arts and Education, and received a Master of Arts degree in Communication in 1969. 
It was promoted on the band's Tropical Gypsy Tour in April and May 2016. 
This was a remake of the silent film version, directed by Elmer Clifton and starring Marguerite Courtot, Raymond McKee and Clara Bow. 
The Best British Forward award is an annual British ice hockey award made to the best British forward as voted for by members of Ice Hockey Journalists UK. 
The SPP offers two primary funds, the Balanced Fund (BF) and the Short-term Fund (STF). 
The building of the school was approved in the 2006 Bond, and was completed just prior to the beginning of the 2010-2011 school year. 
Under the leadership of the current Chief Executive Gillian Guy Citizens Advice has expanded its remit taking on the contract for the Witness Service and the face-to-face advice element of Pension Wise. 
The 11th Toronto Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in film for 2007, were given on 18 December 2007. 
The mine has the form of a linear mine, much contorted in the later stages and becoming blotch like through the confluence of the convolutions. 
He is considered as an important figure of the Gujarati literature as well as Gujarati novel writing. 
Regulatory translation also requires specific knowledge of the document templates required for different countries' dossier formats. 
He is a Professor at Griffith University teaching creative writing. 
Since 1982, Motivate Media Group has been operated in a partnership between Ian Fairservice and Obaid Humaid Al Tayer who is currently the UAE Minister of State for Finance. 
They are also known to interact with laminin, fibronectin, tenascin, and collagen. 
She is best known for playing the role of Josie McFarlane in BBC's EastEnders, but she has also appeared in other television programs, since the mid-1950s. 
A signals section was formed in late December. 
It garnered a viewership of 12.7 million people and received positive reviews. 
It includes the small island of Ngor. 
The 1988 British Grand Prix (formally the XLI Shell Oils British Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 10 July 1988 at the Silverstone Circuit, Silverstone. 
It was never officially recorded, although clips have emerged online and there are rumors that the full video of the concert exists. 
In theory, up to 32 nodes could be clustered together, offering up to one teraflop in theoretical peak performance. 
It is on the western side of the Cape York Peninsula around Weipa. 
A model building code is a building code that is developed and maintained by a standards organization independent of the jurisdiction responsible for enacting the building code. 
The compilation features all of White Lion's charted singles from their three most successful albums: Pride, Big Game and Mane Attraction. 
Prior to 2014, the company had an agreement with satellite TV company DISH Network to market and sell DISH Network products, as well as to provide DISH Network customers in remote locations with access to broadcast network programming from distant markets. 
It was released in April 1995 as the third and final single from his album Country 'til I Die. 
Tirusulam is a Locality in Chennai Metropolitan city India. 
It was his first effort after his departure from folk-rock group the Byrds in 1966. 
Hong Vo (born 1957) is a Vietnamese Australian social worker from the Melbourne and member of pro-democracy organization Viet Tan who was arrested in Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam on October 10, 2010 for participating in a peaceful political demonstration in Hanoi, Vietnam affirming Vietnam's sovereignty over the Paracel and Spratly islands. 
It was established in 1997 as a true national league to replace the ailing, state club-based Mobil League. 
Born in North Elmham, Norfolk, UK in 1940, he currently resides in Bedfordshire, UK and is a member of the Society of Authors, London, and the London Press Club. 
Applications for membership are reviewed in early November each year. 
In this version D'Artagnan was a young woman aspiring to become a musketeer. 
An army was assembled to restore Taj al-Din, but before it could march Herat was attacked by a coalition of tribes from the Chagatai Khanate under the command of the amir Qazaghan in 1351. 
In 1995 APRN turned over the program to Kohanic Broadcast Corporation, and syndication began shortly thereafter, with programs distributed by the Public Radio satellite system. 
Lifeline is the second album by the California soft rock group Pablo Cruise. 
The Electoral district of Murray Valley was an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. 
Noise Won't Stop is the third studio album by New York City electronica duo Shy Child. 
Several news bulletins are provided during the day, covering a mixed Spanish and International agenda. 
William George Zane Jr. (born February 24, 1966) is an American actor and producer. 
Prior to the passing of the bill establishing the University into law, the then President, the late Prof. 
The Vicky Bliss Mysteries is a mystery novel series by Barbara Mertz, writing as Elizabeth Peters. 
He reached this mark on his 17th inning, which is the least number of innings ever taken. 
The 1993 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 3 October 1993. 
The firm was bailed out by the Bundesbank and other German banks in October 2008 in the midst of the global financial crisis, before approving a complete nationalization a year later. 
After the departure of Erick Rutan from Morbid Angel, Maier auditioned for the guitarist role, and was one of the 3 runners-up to take the position, eventually delegated to Destructhor of Zyklon. 
So What!. The album was apparently supposed to include the track "Sleepwalker" from the previous year's release, United Abominations, but this was replaced by "Foreclosure of a Dream" from Countdown to Extinction instead, resulting in that track being the exception on the otherwise chronological track listing of the album. 
By contrast, The Rake's Progress was an instant hit and has remained in the repertoires of a number of ballet companies. 
Poecilopeplus batesi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family. 
It reached number 7 on the Oricon chart and number 14 on Billboard's Japan Hot 100. 
A historical state or historical sovereign state is a state that once existed, but has since been dissolved due to conflict, war, rebellion, annexation, or uprising. 
These tactics presaged Slim's employment of similar tactics in 1945 while commanding the British Fourteenth Army in Burma. 
The company has received widespread critical acclaim, and is said to have been the first jazz dance company. 
The legislature was reduced from 130 seats to 100, making all existing parties to lose ground. 
PP-110 (Gujrat-III) is a Constituency of Provincial Assembly of Punjab. 
He lived more than 35 years in the Americas, 25 of them in Louisiana and Florida. 
Rodney Warren Boxberger (born August 22, 1957 in Santa Ana, California) is a former starting pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1978 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at the University of Southern California (USC). 
It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in rocky places in many different habitat types, from the coastline to the mountains to the deserts. 
Gerard II was Count of Guelders from March 1129 until his death on October 24, 1131. 
Katharine A. Morey was an American Suffragist, Silent Sentinel, officer Massachusetts State Branch of the National Woman's Party, and a member of the NWP Advisory Council. 
The Lilstock Formation is a geologic formation in England. 
Bill Majoros was nominated for musician of the year- Hamilon Ontario Arts Awards. 
They are constructed from flat sticks arrayed like spokes of a wheel, with a nail at the axis. 
The S.T.M. typically is designed to enhance a student's academic credentials for entrance to a doctoral program. 
TV4 applied for a license to broadcast a film channel terrestrially in the autumn of 2003 and was granted a license in December. 
Guido Magherini (born 2 July 1951 in Florence) is a retired Italian professional football player and coach who played as a midfielder. 
Giusto Pellanera (or Corrado Pellanera, born 12 March 1938) is a retired Italian basketball player. 
This is a list of listed buildings in the civil parish of Rerrick, in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. 
Their hits include "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me", "Time (Clock of the Heart)", "Church of the Poison Mind", "Karma Chameleon", "Victims", "It's a Miracle", "The War Song", "Move Away", and "I Just Wanna Be Loved". 
In geometry, the elongated pentagonal bipyramid is one of the Johnson solids (J16). 
By the late 1950s, although immune from annexation by the bigger cities, the most recent suit by the City of Norfolk against Norfolk County would have taken all of the county land adjoining South Norfolk. 
Emily Bitto is an Australian writer. 
He had an active participation in public contracts in the province of Buenos Aires, where he served for more than thirty years. 
The first edition was broadcast from the Tabernacle Baptist Church in Cardiff, and the series is one of the longest running of its kind on television anywhere in the world. 
Pucher and his team won over 30 competition around the world. 
Stephen, who both threw and hit right-handed, only pitched in two major league games, making his debut on September 20, 1968. 
The younger frogs are a grayish brown with some darker markings. 
The Libella brand still exists, and also currently offers a cola product as well. 
As one of Australia's longest-running art prizes, it was established in 1897 from the bequest of Richard Wynne. 
Southfork is a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa. 
Dinky was a supporting character in the 1999 pilot Curbside. 
The movies were a combination of adventure, comedy, romance, and music. 
After weeks of speculation, the orchestra ceased operations on December 11, 2014 due to massive budget shortfalls. 
The British diplomat in attendance, Lord Aberdeen, misunderstood London's position and accepted the moderate terms. 
She retired from the international game in May 2007, citing the increased pressures of representing her country. 
He swam from Colombia at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympics. 
The markers were erected in 2008 and 2010 on 22 sites along the borders of the Jewish quarter, where from 1940-1943 stood the gates to the ghetto, wooden footbridges over Aryan streets, and the buildings important to the ghetto inmates. 
In this competition participated the national teams of Switzerland, France and two teams of Germany (1 with 5 players, mainly from SC Moskitos, and the other team with 6 players). 
Rhyssomatus medialis is a species of true weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae. 
Apart from building the notable steam ship Earnslaw, the company also built early 20th century steam locomotives, of which there are no survivors. 
Barrow, Hepburn & Gale, founded in 1760 as Hepburn and Gale and after 1920 as Barrow Hepburn and Gale, is a British luxury leather goods manufacturer best known as the producer of the Despatch Boxes used by the Government of the United Kingdom. 
The Pickthorn Baronetcy, of Orford in the County of Suffolk, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. 
He plays as a fly half or center. 
It is associated in particular with Rangers F.C.. 
The movie was filmed on location in Denali National Park, Juneau, Anchorage, Palmer, Whittier, Matanuska Glacier and on the state ferry boat Kennicott run by the Alaska Marine Highway System. 
Monochamus nigrobasimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
The perception exists that he was recruited on the basis that he could bring votes to the DA in the Eastern Cape. 
The county seat is St. Ignace. 
Simon Clark (born 16 February 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
This is a list of Norwegian football transfers in the summer transfer window 2015 by club. 
Sutherland's Volkswagen, or the Utah VW Bug, is a 3D test model like the Utah teapot. 
He played three first-class cricket matches for Victoria between 1956 and 1957. 
Referred to as The Gang That Ruled Cyberspace in a 1995 non-fiction book, MOD was at the forefront of exploiting telephone systems to hack into the private networks of major corporations. 
A Night at Count Basie's is a live album by vocalist Joe Williams recorded at Count Basie's nightclub in Harlem in 1956 and released on the Vanguard label. 
The subject is from ancient Rome and shows a patrician who contemplates on whether he should buy an East Asian vase or a slave girl. 
Staff colleges (also command and staff colleges and war colleges) train military officers in the administrative, staff and policy aspects of their profession. 
It was formerly named Wilmot-Summerside from 1996 to 2007. 
It is part of Great Hearts Academies. 
He is a veteran of the Korean War and later worked as an educator in Iowa, California, Minnesota, along with South Dakota, as a teacher, supervisor, and principal. 
The unit was attached to the SGO Narew. 
It has been known to encourage artistic and musical pursuits for youths. 
The rural church, whose main building dates from 1858, is located near the present-day town of Atlanta in rural Jackson Township, Hamilton County, Indiana. 
The circuit hosts the Newcastle 500, the final round of the Supercars Championship. 
The film was released worldwide on February 12, 2016 and received mixed response from critics and audience. 
Variimorda flavimana is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae. 
Star is the third book in the Chronicles of the Shadow War trilogy. 
The Center was established at the University of New South Wales (UNSW) in May 1986 and officially opened in November 1987. 
The name "Mary Jane" is a reference to marijuana, although the relaxing constituents of kava are not chemically related to cannabis. 
New Atlantic was an alternative rock band from New Jersey signed to Eyeball Records / Warner Bros. Records. 
The building was demolished in 1992, but not before hosting the Missouri Valley Conference men's basketball tournament the preceding year. 
Ganemos or Guanyem refers to a set of independent municipal initiatives in Spain seeking to create and improve mechanisms for more direct citizen participation in politics. 
Particularly well known species include Holotrichia serrata which is a serious problem in sugarcane cultivation and Holotrichia consanguinea which is a problem in groundnut cultivation. 
Trehafod railway station is a railway station serving the township of Trehafod in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales. 
This is a list of promotions by McDonald's restaurants. 
Citizen rights were also reinstated somewhat. 
My Betrothed was a black metal band from Kitee, Finland. 
He served on the Indianapolis Waterworks Board and during his last year of service as its president until April 2012. 
He arrived on the inter-county scene as a member of the minor team before later joining the under-21 side. 
"Rob" Molhoek (born 6 October 1959) is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Southport, having defeated Peter Lawlor at the 2012 state election. 
She was based at the headquarters in Atlanta. 
Chris Rafferty is an American television writer. 
The Portuguese and Spanish variant is spelled Camila, in Slavic languages it is Kamila. 
The film culminates at the Battle of Beersheba which is reputedly "the last successful cavalry charge in history". 
The map was included in an issue of Wired and drew attention to Price of Weed from Barry Ritholtz's Big Picture and Flowing Data. 
The Sunbury Line contains the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western's well known Nicholson Cutoff railroad segment. 
Madame Xanadu is a comic book mystic published by DC Comics. 
Such a non-sustaining population, or the individuals within it, are said to be adventive. 
Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1935 American drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Charles Laughton and Clark Gable, based on the Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall novel Mutiny on the Bounty. 
Jason Lee Vandelannoite (born 6 November 1986) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for KFC Sparta Petegem. 
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet funds the ferry as a free service. 
The league did not play a schedule in 2015. 
From 1990 to 2016 she managed a store, Saray, located in the heart of the Roman Ghetto in via Portico d'Ottavia. 
This is a list of years in Turkey. 
Lieutenant General Gregory S. Newbold is a retired United States Marine Corps 3-star general who served as Director of Operations (J-3) for the Joint Chiefs of Staff from October 2000 until he retired in October 2002. 
Monoamine neurotransmitters are neurotransmitters and neuromodulators that contain one amino group connected to an aromatic ring by a two-carbon chain (such as -CH2-CH2-). 
Released in 1995, the name was registered as a trademark in 1998. 
There were two upgrades to the same basic system, GL/EF (Elevation Finder) and GL Mk. 
It is native to northern and central California and Oregon, where it grows in moist meadows, fields, hillsides, and other habitat. 
One of the first in Italy for goods traffic, it is located on the northern coast of the gulf and plays an important role commercially and strategically. 
Mariners of the Sky (also known as Navy Born) is a 1936 American comedy-drama film directed by Nate Watt, in his directorial debut. 
It was hoped that vaccination efforts and early detection of cases would result in global eradication of the disease by 2018. 
Rock the Garden is an annual summer music festival organized by the Walker Art Center and Minnesota Public Radio held in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Prior to the album's release, "Bedroom Talk" was issued as a single in April 2005, and the band went on tour debuting a handful of songs from the album. 
Collinsia concolor is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Chinese houses. 
Peter Sirch (born December 30, 1961) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. 
Electoral reform in the United States Virgin Islands refers to efforts to change the voting laws in that archipelago. 
A Little Nightmare Music is an opera in "one irrevocable act" by Peter Schickele under the pseudonym he uses for parodies and comical works P. D. Q. Bach. 
The titles in the stack were chosen by benefactors from the community. 
Jack Rose, a popular local GP, was for many years the Chairman of the British branch of Gamblers Anonymous. 
While Brown mainly paints directly on canvas, several of her works are made from screen-printing methods. 
It is not commonly used, but has activity similar to other opiates. 
The hamlet includes Walcot Farmhouse, a Grade II Listed manor house dating from the sixteenth-seventeenth centuries with latter additions. 
It was the fifth appearance of the 300 meter rifle three positions event at an Olympic Games. 
It is a member organization of EUFAMI, the European Federation of Families of People with Mental Illness. 
His mother Mary Wilhelmina Morrison was the daughter and heiress of Royal Navy officer John Morrison. 
Vasool (English: Money recovery or collection) is a 2017 Telugu action film produced by V. Anand Prasad under Bhavya Creations banner and directed by Puri Jagannadh. 
The London Film Critics Circle Award for British Actor of the Year in an annual award given by the London Film Critics Circle. 
Light is required for the seeds to germinate. 
The Democratic-Republican Party won control of the Presidency and both houses of Congress for the first time. 
It is associated with the Instantdegrees.com website. 
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Troms in 2013 where he is member of the Standing Committee on Education, Research and Church Affairs. 
He has served as President Pro Tempore of the South Carolina Senate for all but one day since 2014. 
He played college football at LSU, and was drafted by the Bills in the fifth round of the 2006 NFL draft. 
He had the support of Laborers' International Union of North America locals 506 and 183 due to his strong support while still a City Councilor for members of Local 79 (Cleaners) when his Council motion stopped the contracting out of 340 jobs from the City. 
He is an expert in geodesics and cartography. 
In the U.S., the term Hispanic categorizes any citizen or resident of the United States, of any racial background, of any country, and of any religion, who has at least one ancestor from the people of Spain or is of non-Hispanic origin but has an ancestor from Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central or South America, or some other Hispanic origin. 
The year 1826 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below. 
Similarly aged fossils belonging to two extinct species, P. gryci and P. deeringensis, have been discovered in Yakutia. 
Nigeria law focus on the activities to reduce Money laundering and illegal gambling. 
He is the creator/producer or has written and developed several television series including Boy Meets World, Dinosaurs, Charles in Charge, My Two Dads, The Torkelsons and Girl Meets World. 
He played on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody as Dakota Smith. 
Chondrostoma holmwoodii, sometimes known as the Izmir nase or Eastern Aegean nase, is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family. 
Play media Public transport in Auckland, the largest metropolitan area of New Zealand, consists of three modes: bus, train and ferry. 
The Suchilquitongo Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico. 
She began her career singing with the New York City Opera (NYCO) during the early 1960s, after which she embarked on a long and fruitful partnership with The Santa Fe Opera which lasted from 1965 through 1987. 
The Show always begins on the first Friday of September and runs for 10 days (9 until 2013). 
In all, her Doctor Who and related work (Bernice Summerfield stories), consists of five novels, a number of short stories and four original audio plays. 
He was part of the Wales national football team between 1904 and 1905, playing 2 matches. 
Patterson was an electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian State of New South Wales from 1859 to 1880, in the Hunter River region. 
The SS Alacrity was a 353 gross tons tug built in Graville, France in 1893 as Jean Bart and was operated by the Dunkirk Chamber of Commerce. 
The Extensor digitorum reflex is tested as part of the neurological examination to assess the sensory and motor pathways within the C6 and C7 spinal nerves. 
Andrew Herman (born August 26, 1983) is a retired American professional soccer striker. 
The book shares a similar plot line as one of Scott's earlier novels, The Hallows. 
The enrollment for the 2009-2010 school year is approximately 2,000 students. 
The Jessie Osborne House is a house near Jerome, Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
By 2001, Solid Base released the album Party Totale! in Germany. 
MacLeish was laid down 19 August and launched 18 December 1919 from William Cramp & Sons; sponsored by Miss Ishbel MacLeish, sister of Lieutenant Kenneth MacLeish; and commissioned 2 August 1920, Lieutenant Commander F. T. Berry in command. 
Starcke is a locality in the Shire of Cook, Queensland, Australia. 
Stemloc implements constrained versions of the Sankoff algorithms for simultaneous structure prediction and sequence alignment of multiple RNAs. 
The Nottingham Lions are an ice hockey team from Nottingham, England that compete in the English National League's northern section. 
Jaffe's music has been performed across the United States, Europe, and China (including the Nottingham, Tanglewood, and Oregon Bach Festivals) by ensembles including the National Symphony Orchestra, the R.A.I. of Rome, the North Carolina Symphony, the San Francisco Symphony, the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, the Miami String Quartet, and the Ciompi Quartet. 
The National Cartoonists Society (NCS) is an organization of professional cartoonists in the United States. 
United Women is an Australian soccer team based in Adelaide, South Australia. 
The East Riding of Yorkshire is a unitary authority in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. 
Tower of Unity (German: Turm der Einheit) is a 30 meter high observation tower on Heldrastein, a rocky mountain belonging to Treffurt in Thuringia. 
The Japanese word "kimidori" refers to a light green color. 
Before confederation with Canada in 1949, Gaultois was the customs town for those wishing to travel to the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon. 
Monsanto's roles in agricultural changes, biotechnology products and lobbying of government agencies and roots as a chemical company resulted in controversies. 
The Rolfes were third-generation residents of Concord; their grandfather was one of the town's early proprietors. 
Rising Sun is a 1993 American crime film written and directed by Philip Kaufman, starring Sean Connery (who was also an executive producer), Wesley Snipes, Harvey Keitel, and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa. 
He is a native speaker of Hindi and English. 
Mika Seeger is an American ceramic artist. 
She was the youngest daughter of Theobald de Bar, Seigneur de Pierrepont and his wife Marie de Namur. 
It was written by Arthur Demarest, Ingram Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University, Tennessee. 
Other tasks were reconnaissance of sites for the inland bases Vostok and Sovetskaya; and oceanography of the Indian ocean. 
These methods are mainly classified onto engineering and non-engineering methods. 
He is one of only three men to score a century in both innings of his first-class debut (Arthur Morris and Nari Contractor are the others), he made a seven-hour unbeaten 98 in his second Test, made back-to-back hundreds against India in 1989-90, took a Test stumping as stand-in keeper (Richie Richardson), took one Test wicket (Australia's Peter Taylor - batting at No. 2) and was recalled after a four-year absence to face Australia in 1994-95. 
Devil Goddess (1955) was the last entry in the series, as well as being Weissmuller's last feature film. 
Derived from the Ranger T6, the 2019 Ford Ranger will be manufactured in the United States. 
Max Crow (born 7 January 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League. 
The Texas Freebirds World Burrito chain, which was headquartered in College Station, was purchased by private-equity Tavistock Group in 2007. 
The fruit is an achene about half a centimeter long which is likely dispersed by birds and small mammals that collect them for food. 
Some software can process the orthophoto and produce the linework automatically. 
Exxon donor solvent process (EDS) is a coal liquefaction process developed by Exxon Research and Engineering Company, starting in 1966. 
The season started on 30 March 1985. 
The Texas A&M ring is an important rite of passage for students at the university. 
The episode received critical acclaim, and Mikkelsen's performance as Magnussen, in particular, was praised. 
Helicopters were first used as aerial cranes in the 1950s, but it was not until the 1960s that their popularity in construction and other industries began to catch on. 
Sintagma was a Costa Rican rock band, well established known in their country for singles as Estelar, Visiones and for their intense live shows as Costa Rica's Rock Fest from 2001. 
Zane Dae Beadles (born November 19, 1986) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent. 
Chong has been involved with Wing Chun for nearly 50 years. 
Casket Mountain was so named on account of a casket-shaped rock outcropping. 
In October 2007 he was called up to the Algerian military national team. 
Wireless Markup Language (WML), based on XML, is a now-obsolete markup language intended for devices that implement the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) specification, such as mobile phones. 
They continued touring Europe until 1992, when Napalm Beach and their German label Satyricon records had a falling-out. 
The 2017 Stockholm FIM Speedway Grand Prix was the tenth race of the 2017 Speedway Grand Prix season. 
It is an agricultural village where wheat, maize, sugarcane, cotton and rice are grown. 
The subsidiary Rokas Renewables is specializing in design and construction of wind farms. 
The 1999 Nike Tour season ran from January 7 to October 24. 
Jangas District is one of twelve districts of the province Huaraz in Peru. 
The Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh (SAAP) undertakes the sports development activities such as construction of stadiums, establishment of sports academies and other sporting related activities. 
The result was a victory for Teburoro Tito, who won 51.1% of the vote. 
Sun (foaled 1952) was a Tennessee Walking Horse stallion who competed in his breed's World Grand Championship three times. 
Bessus, also known as Artaxerxes V (died summer 329 BC), was a prominent Persian Satrap of Bactria in Persia, and later self-proclaimed King of Kings of Persia. 
Former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante mixed and mastered the band's debut EP, Exquisite Corpse released in 2008. 
Ahmuvan has been suggested as the name of an Indus Valley Civilization deity. 
Ateneo won 1-0 ,with Jarvey Gayoso's goal at the 39th minute to claim their seventh UAAP Football Championship title. 
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to John Courtis of Great Britain. 
Mastchoh is a town and jamoat in north-western Tajikistan. 
A feral parrot is a parrot that has adapted to life in an ecosystem to which it is not native. 
Euderces elvirae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
It also hit number 10 on the UK Singles Chart. 
David Rabeeya (born May 12, 1938) is an Israeli and American author and professor of Hebrew and Judaic Studies. 
He is a Revelle Medal committee member. 
Ocrisiodes ruptifasciella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ocrisiodes. 
The group signed a contract with King Records, in Japan and proceeded to release their first album, Glory Thy Name on December 18, 2004. 
Approximately 90% of Canadian mobile phone users subscribe to one of the three largest national telecommunication companies (Rogers Wireless, Bell Mobility, and Telus Mobility) or one of their subsidiary brands. 
The Leica SL (Typ 601) is a full frame 35mm format mirrorless system camera announced by Leica Camera AG on October 20, 2015. 
He played at representative level for Scotland, including in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup, and at club level for Heworth A.R.L.F.C., Leeds Rhinos (academy), Hull F.C. (loan), Sheffield Eagles, Dewsbury Rams, and York City Knights (captain), as a stand-off, or scrum-half, he retired from rugby league in October 2008. 
Edgecast is notable for being a self-provisioning CDN technology used by the telecommunication and hosting industries. 
This series acts as a prequel to the video games. 
Cork City was the only constituency in Ireland to return the same number of members, in each general election, from the Act of Union in 1801 until the establishment of the Irish Free State in 1922. 
It is worn every year on 9 November, when the new Lord Mayor of the City of London is presented to the Law Courts. 
He was the son of Sir Baldwin Fulford of Great Fulford, Devon who was Sheriff of Devon in 1460. 
Honored Artist of Armenia is an award given by the Republic of Armenia. 
The east and west sides of the church have 4 elongated windows. 
Zebra fish larval locomotor activity assay of transgenic fish embryos and individual larvae placed in a 96-well plate, monitored in a box and continuously illuminated by infrared lights, illuminated by white lights showed major similarities between fish circadian system and mammalian sleep/wake regulator for example. 
The album was banned by several major retailers including HMV due to its sexually explicit title and cover art. 
In 1914-15, candidates nominated by the Labor Representation Committee officially ran for the "Independent Labor Party", even though no formal organization of that name seems to have existed at the time. 
Around 1832 John Gardner Wilkinson copied inscriptions of a coffin naming a queen with the same name. 
All county roads are maintained by the county in which they reside, and all are marked with standard MUTCD approved county road shields. 
Campylorhaphion machaeropse is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod, in the family Eulimidae. 
For a time in the late 1980s and early 1990s, it seemed likely that either a proprietary commercial system or the X.400 email system, part of the Government Open Systems Interconnection Profile (GOSIP), would predominate. 
Doka is a dialect. 
These balls are called "blowballs" or "clocks" in both British and American English. 
WPRP (910 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News radio format. 
In some cases, the scar can be darker-colored, and, in all cases, it will encircle the shaft of the penis. 
Los Alamitos High School (also known as Los Al) is a public school for grades 9 to 12 located in Los Alamitos, California, and also serving the city of Seal Beach and the community of Rossmoor. 
Jamuovandu Ngatjizeko (born December 28, 1984 in Omaruru) is a Namibian football midfielder currently playing for African Stars. 
He is sometimes mis-credited as Chris Rizola. 
In the LDS Church Ostler has served as a bishop. 
In chemistry, a trivial name is a nonsystematic name for a chemical substance. 
In the early 1970s, James also wrote and produced hit records by the teen vocal duo Chee-Chee and Peppy. 
Section 504 loans and grants are a USDA rural housing repair program authorized under Section 504 of the Housing Act of 1949. 
William Brindley (born December 25, 1982 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a former American soccer player. 
Rosalyn Coleman Williams is an American actor and coach. 
Reeve was named the WNBA Coach of the Year in 2011 and 2016. 
The Latin title is a quotation from the Vulgate text of the first chapter of the Gospel of Saint Luke, describing the Annunciation, where Mary accepts the message brought to her by the Angel Gabriel that she would give birth to a child (Jesus) by God. 
One of them is poor service quality in many cities outside Algiers with 78% of urban residents suffering from intermittent water supply. 
The SRC is housed and supported by the University of Arkansas, Little Rock. 
The film stars James LeGros, Mira Sorvino, Stacey Oristano, Dominic Monaghan, Christopher Backus and Steven Swadling. 
Macrocheilus taedatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Anthiinae. 
For radiation damage in terms of human health effects see acute radiation syndrome. 
In 2003, Porlier was nominated for a CNoMA Award for The Santa Clause 2, but won the CNoMA for Door to Door. 
In January 2012 he shared the Chauvenet Prize with three mathematical collaborators. 
Dieter Krickow (born 8 July 1936) is a German modern pentathlete. 
By 1994, he and frequent songwriting partner Robert Ellis Orrall had formed a duo known as Orrall & Wright, which also recorded one major-label album. 
In the following year, nine AH-1F Cobras were delivered, followed by eight more in 1985, and four more in 1987. 
Michigan's leading rusher, De'Veon Smith, referred to Houma as a "coconut head." 
During her collaboration with Soulpower, High performed all across Europe and even performed in Africa, backed by the Soulpower Allstars. 
Chandler Champion is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Leeds, Alabama who was named Miss Alabama 2013. 
After relegation from the Premier Division in 2015, they will play in the National Division One in 2016. 
Unlike previous seasons, the contestants will not compete individually, but instead, will be paired in teams of two. 
France and California were heavily represented, but entries from many countries around the world were included. 
It was released on August 10, 2004 via Dmaft Records and was produced by Keith and Kurt themselves. 
C. suis is associated with conjunctivitis, enteritis and pneumonia in swine (Rogers & Andersen, 1996; Rogers et al., 1996). 
They Come sparked trends that were apparent in following films such as Dancehall Queen and One Love, both directed by Don Letts and Rick Elgood. 
The third track on this CD was used in an advertising campaign for Boots. 
Aside from pedagogical interest, 4-Quinolone is of little intrinsic value but its derivatives, the 4-quinolone antibiotics represent a large class of important drugs. 
Measuring 6.2 on the Richter magnitude scale, the quake caused moderate damage all over the southern North Island. 
The series was remastered in 2004. 
The park like environment boasts 33 individual indoor and outdoor venues within the 18 hectare site. 
The sacred grove also features in the history of Gaius Marcius Coriolanus. 
Robert Keith Dibble (born January 24, 1964) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher and television analyst. 
Schwartz is responsible for refuting the belief that cosmic rays trapped by self-excited turbolence within a supernova remnant cool irreversibly as the remnant expands. 
It consolidates the immunization records from multiple sources for each person living in its jurisdiction. 
Tri-borough is a project between three councils in west London, England to combine service provision. 
However interest in this Reserve seems to be increasing in 2008 with the increase in proposals for human use activity within the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park (see SDG&E Sunrise Powerlink proposal). 
Gwespyr is a village in Flintshire on the north coast of Wales. 
The basic design includes a horizontal tricolor of yellow, blue, and red, dating to the original flag introduced in 1811, in the Venezuelan War of Independence. 
Re-formed during the Second World War, again as a bomber squadron, it was re-formed twice more post-war, firstly as a transport, and then a helicopter squadron, before being disbanded in 1971. 
It is Dalrymple's fifth major book, and tells the true story of a love affair that took place in early nineteenth century Hyderabad between James Achilles Kirkpatrick and Khair-un-Nissa Begum. 
Kavungo is a town and commune of Angola, located in the province of Moxico. 
Some are actually positive for the manufacturer, forcing out-of-date or uneconomic players to adapt or decline. 
Frontman Ladd Mitchell has said they just refer to it as "Building..." or "Building a Better". 
It is a bilingual organization and publishes the bilingual journal Canadian Journal of Political Science (Revue canadienne de science politique). 
Born in Ballysimon, Limerick, McDonogh first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Limerick minor team. 
Martillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. 
He was the German under-21 champion in 1992 and 1993. 
In most Quorn products, the fungus culture is dried and mixed with egg albumen, which acts as a binder, and then is adjusted in texture and pressed into various forms. 
Their most prominent and well-known sound is described as symphonic metal, although their earlier material, such as debut album Enter, was mostly gothic metal. 
The NBR 141 Class consisted of two steam locomotives of the 2-4-0 wheel arrangement built by the North British Railway (NBR) in 1869. 
A new person is pointed at as each word is said. 
From the 12th century until 1839, both before and after the Reformation, it was the seat of the former Archdiocese of Tuam. 
Their efforts are unsuccessful, however, until they catch the man who their wives are cheating with. 
His contribution to Bangor University was recognized in 2000 when he was made a Teaching Fellow. 
Article 5 affirms linguistic rights as cultural rights in accordance with International Bill of Human Rights. 
The file could actually be opened (or re-opened) with a different definition allowing integers, characters, and floating point numbers to be stored in the same file. 
California was incorporated into the United States of America in 1850. 
Donald J. Stoker is an American military historian. 
Jeff Lockie (born November 14, 1993) is a former American football quarterback who played college football at Oregon. 
Its design director is Nick Talbot. 
The editor-in-chief is Ida Stamhuis (Vrije Universiteit and Aarhus University). 
Animal Man was a comic book ongoing series published by DC Comics starring the superhero Animal Man. 
It was intended by the faculty to become, like its predecessor the 1914 Catholic Encyclopedia, a standard reference work for students, teachers, librarians, journalists, and general readers interested in the history, doctrine, practices, and people of the Catholic faith. 
It has since received RIAA gold certification and has a sales of 703,000 as of December 2010, one of only three by new male country singers introduced in four years to earn a gold album. 
Purasawalkam assembly constituency was part of Chennai Central (Lok Sabha constituency). 
As with listed buildings, Registered Parks and Gardens can be searched on the National Heritage List for England (NHLE) website. 
Chris Morgan is a British-born ecologist, conservationist, TV host, filmmaker, and author. 
John Henry Mills (born October 31, 1969 in Jacksonville, Florida) was an American football running back, linebacker and tight end in the NFL for the Houston Oilers, Oakland Raiders and the Minnesota Vikings. 
The band was more about cooking food than making music. 
Its English name refers to its dull olive upperparts. 
Those Born With Wings is a solo album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released on the ECM label in 1987. 
South Carolina voted for the Democratic nominee, Winfield Scott Hancock, over the Republican nominee, James A. Garfield. 
Dale Corney left Dungeon during the early recording phase but his solos in the songs he had co-written, "Insanity's Fall" and "Where Madness Hides", were used on the album. 
An issue that arises from political data is often how disconnected people are from their own data, rarely gaining access to the data they produce. 
Tord Filipsson (born 7 May 1950) is a Swedish former cyclist. 
While at first rejecting his overtures, Charlemagne bizarrely promises to assent to La Busse's request on that day when he meets the young man on an ass in a deserted country lane. 
Previously, he was Professor in the Department of Bioengineering and Faculty of Engineering for National University of Singapore (2003-2012). 
It stars Lindsay Hartley, Crystal Hunt, Vanessa Marcil, Chrystee Pharris, and Hunter Tylo, along with Donna Mills as a fictionalized version of herself. 
Bibliographic entries can be exported as BibTeX through unAPI, making it compatible with Zotero. 
An umbrella group, The Reading Globe Alliance (TREGA), facilitates exchange of information between the groups. 
The expulsion of the Jews from Sicily began in 1493 when the Spanish Inquisition reached the island of Sicily and its population of more than 30,000 Jews. 
Sales of music downloads in the United Kingdom have been monitored since 2004; during the 2000s, these sales were collated by the Official Charts Company and compiled weekly into the UK Official Download Chart, a record chart of the biggest-selling downloads in the UK.In September 2009, The Daily Telegraph published a chart of what were the best-selling music downloads of the decade to that point. 
Breadcrust textures form when the inside of a cooling rock is still hot with gas escaping from it while the outside surface has already cooled. 
It is owned by Namdar Realty Group. 
The group met controversy when they were banned from playing at The Forum in Inglewood, California, where Metallica were booked for two dates. 
It incorporated the collection of the former Lexington Library Company (est.1801) and the former Transylvania Library (est.1795). 
In June the same year, his club side Tema Textiles Printing sacked him for not showing up for training. 
It contains only one species, Pteridoporthis euryloxa, which is found on Fiji. 
He made his List A debut for Essex in the 1980 John Player League against Yorkshire. 
The song's music video was created by Harvey White and premiered on American TV in June 1998. 
The program takes benefit of ubiquitous mobile phone use all over India, to enable interaction between the Indian government and its citizens. 
He began his career with the release of his first album Cassini in 2011, which was self-recorded and independently released. 
He also raised funds through the Boston Marathon for Children's Hospital and Habitat for Humanity, Greater Boston. 
She is a Fellow of the American Statistical Association. 
Scott Neyedli (born 16 June 1978 in Aberdeen, Scotland) was a full-time professional Ironman triathlete (2007-2011), winning British and multiple Scottish Triathlon Championships. 
Opened in 1980, the landmark has at times struggled to find commercial success, changing hands in 2000, 2006 and again in 2008. 
Records has been the name of multiple 20th century record labels, most famously Sun Records, a Memphis-based music label. 
His primary research interests lie in physical inorganic chemistry. 
Pankhuri Gidwani who won Femina Miss India 2nd Runner Up 2016 was designated Miss Grand India 2016 and represented India at Miss Grand International 2016 held in USA.After the Femina Miss India 2016 pageant, Lopamudra Raut who was not a contestant at Femina Miss India 2016, but had been a contestant in the 2013 and 2014 editions, was later designated by Femina as India's representative at Miss United Continents 2016 held in Ecuador where she placed as 2nd Runner Up. 
Alex Bugnon (born October 10, 1958) is a jazz pianist and composer from Montreux, Switzerland. 
The concentrate can then be stored in cold rooms. 
Seventh Avenue is a six-part American television miniseries broadcast in 1977. 
They also teamed up with Bedhead a year later for the mini-album Macha Loved Bedhead (Jetset 2000). 
It was produced by Beyond Dreams Production House. 
Greensteds School is a Kenyan mixed day and boarding school situated 17 kilometers (11 miles) south of Nakuru, Nakuru County, Rift Valley Province. 
Blanc is the owner and chef at Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons, a hotel-restaurant in Great Milton, Oxfordshire, England. 
Peel was responsible for "artistic direction" and the commercial side was handled by Clive Selwood of Elektra Records and his wife Shirley. 
IBM and other corporations are also adapting similar business models to expand into new markets. 
Forchion held a hunger strike for nearly two weeks while being held without bail, calling himself a political prisoner. 
Elissa is a Lebanese singer, songwriter and record producer. 
Burki was born and lives in Peshawar, Pakistan. 
John the Evangelist, Upper Edmonton is a church in Edmonton and is within the Diocese of London and are under the Bishop of Edmonton, the Rt Revd Peter Wheatley. 
Of note are his works y Ymdrafodaeth (1875) and The Penrhyn Lock-out (1900). 
Frank Zacharias Robin Goldsmith (born 20 January 1975) is a British politician and journalist serving as the Member of Parliament for Richmond Park since 2017, after previously holding the seat between 2010 and 2016. 
Guest stars who appeared throughout the series run include Paul Nicholas, Brooke Kinsella, Gary Lucy, and Sylvia Syms. 
S.H.E is a Taiwanese girl group that specializes in pop music, and consists of Selina Ren, Hebe Tian, and Ella Chen. 
Alternative names and variants include eggy bread, Bombay toast, German toast, gypsy toast, poor knights (of Windsor), and Torrija. 
It draws most of its support from the country's Hindu majority. 
The original actor cast in the Tarzan role was fired (or quit) early in production, resulting in the sudden casting of his stunt double, Miles O'Keeffe, in the title role. 
The vocational rehabilitation program is to include a non-profit store with the express purpose of hiring the most veterans possible while the additional housing units will increase the center's capacity for veterans to rehabilitate. 
It was discovered on 5 December 1988, by Japanese amateur astronomers Masaru Arai and Hiroshi Mori at Yorii Observatory in central Japan. 
Prince is a Bollywood film. 
Upon exposure to light, notably light containing ultraviolet radiation, discolouration of the skin (whether as inflammation, lightening or darkening) or rashes may result. 
Nonacosylic acid, or Nonacosanoic acid, is a 29-carbon long-chain saturated fatty acid with the chemical formulaCH3(CH2)27COOH. 
His most recent accomplishments include the winning title of Silver medal in 7th World Body Building and Physique Championship 2015 and Mr. India 2016. 
We shall only be playing loud and fast songs, none of this prog nonsense. 
The journal was established in 1997 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Association of British Pediatric Nurses. 
WMRX-FM (97.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Beaverton, Michigan in the United States, broadcasting a locally programmed Classic Hits format, in simulcast with sister station WMPX 1490 AM in Midland. 
It is the band's first album released via Fueled by Ramen, and is their major-label debut album. 
Nos Pilifs Farm is a farm and company that hires disabled people (nonprofit organization) founded in 1984 and located in Brussels. 
Amazon Studios released a pilot episode of a television adaptation, Oasis, in March 2017. 
UL LLC is a global safety consulting and certification company headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois. 
Every Day Happy is a Philippine television variety talk show broadcast by GMA Network. 
In 1996 both Ruth Copeland albums were licensed by HDH Inc. and reissued by P-Vine Records individually. 
H. Tjut Djalil (born 11 October 1932) is an Indonesian film director and screenwriter. 
Cloverland is an African American neighborhood located on the south side of Houston, Texas, United States. 
Where a mental state is shared by a large proportion of the members of a group or society, it can be called a collective mental state. 
Higher Swineshaw Reservoir is the highest reservoir in a series of four in the Brushes valley above Stalybridge in Greater Manchester. 
The 1996 Copa del Rey was the 60th edition of the Spanish basketball Cup. 
The main entrance is on Chapeltown Road, with vehicle exits onto Harehills Lane and Newton Road. 
Attepur is a village in Batala in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. 
It is scored for soprano, tenor and bass soloists, SATB choir, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 2 french horns, 3 trombones, violin I and II, viola, cello and double bass. 
In 2016, Blakey joined William Klippgen to start Cocoon Capital - a SGD10m venture firm targeting early-stage digital startups in Southeast Asia and India with a novel approach to early-stage investing. 
His first book, Infoquake, was nominated for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and named Barnes & Noble's Top SF Novel of 2006. 
It is threatened by deforestation, which is believed to damage roosting sites in old growth forests. 
As of 2008 the State Government has ruled out the project due to cost concerns. 
Any part of a credit balance in the account can be capitalized, by the issue of bonus shares, and the balance is available for distribution of dividends to shareholders, and the residue is carried forward into the next period. 
Many register languages are tonal. 
Wild International is a tribal/experimental band from New York City, USA. 
It is often associated with, but not closely related to, the common snapping turtle, which is in the genus Chelydra. 
She became SS Carola in 1940, SS Mary Louise in 1946 and SS Maria L. in 1950. 
Secrets of Xen'drik is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. 
Both editions featured cover art by Barron Story. 
Myers Park is a narrow park in central Auckland, New Zealand, running parallel to the upper part of Queen Street. 
Camp Eggers was a United States military base in Kabul, Afghanistan located near the US Embassy and the Afghan Presidential Palace. 
Several medications which have epigenetic impact are now used in several of these diseases. 
The Company received a Royal Charter in 1958. 
The male lead for the duration of the show's last first three series appeared in 24 episodes of the drama, as well as in three Being Human novels. 
The film has won multiple awards at film festivals and was nominated for an Academy Award in the Live Action Short Film category in 2004. 
Tight, impermeable subsurface lithology (tight clays or other fine-grained material) make it difficult to spread additives throughout the affected area. 
Kalyan East Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India. 
These pieces do not go inside the mouth, but rather are the parts of a bit that are outside the mouth, where the bridle and reins attach. 
Wired Telephone Numbers follow the pattern 530-352-xxxx. 
Recurring cast members and guest stars this season include Michael Kostroff, Nancy McKeon, Vicki Lewis, Kelly Blatz, Selena Gomez, Eden Sher, G. Hannelius, Daniel Roebuck, Steve Hytner, Robert Adamson, Christina Moore and Jeff Dunham. 
The vast majority of all the engines are still in service, as of 2018, having become a icon for the Romanian Railways. 
These routes are numbered in the 100-series. 
Major-General Michael Lawrence Riddell-Webster CBE, DSO was a British Army officer who currently serves as Governor of Edinburgh Castle. 
It is one of the city's oldest working-class neighborhoods. 
The Belluschis moved from the home in 1948 and sold the property. 
He is the second actor to have been nominated in both categories in the same year, after Al Pacino. 
The network has local affiliates in Jordan, Palestine, Yemen, Egypt, Morocco and Tunisia and capacity-building support organizations in the United States and Spain. 
Satriani made the melody one morning he went to record. 
Roscoe was laid out in 1877, and named in honor of Roscoe Conkling, a United States Senator from New York. 
However, in these cases the box resonance is carefully tuned so as to make the sound more equal across frequencies, rather than to impart a particular character to the reinforced sound. 
There is no sign of a crest on the snout or of a keel under the lower jaws. 
Hutthurm is a municipality in the district of Passau in Bavaria in Germany. 
He represented the Barbarians and played county rugby for Surrey and the London Counties. 
Max's of Manila, popularly known as Max's Restaurant or simply Max's, is a Philippine-based restaurant which serves fried chicken and other Filipino dishes. 
The compound is unstable and has been synthesized. 
The company's main clients were railways in Ohio, Michigan, New York, and Illinois, as well as streetcar operating companies in Akron, Detroit, Cleveland and Montreal, Quebec. 
A self-titled album appeared two years later, which afforded the band some mainstream exposure. 
However, a variety of legal issues regularly transcend state lines, which makes a predictable and relatively uniform set of laws across states a desirable objective. 
Westbourne Terrace Road runs between Blomfield Road in the north and Westbourne Bridge in the south. 
Founding Music Director Liza Grossman and the Contemporary Youth Orchestra are the recipients of awards including the ASCAP Award for Adventurous Programming, the Northern Ohio Live Award of Achievement and the Sunshine Award from Young Audiences for excellence in arts education. 
Eupanacra hollowayi is a moth of the family Sphingidae. 
Founded in 1885 (Canada's oldest career college), it offers Diploma programs in fields of Business, Healthcare, Law, Service, and Information Technology. 
He first gained popularity in Australia in the 1950s with a string of rockabilly hits, including the Australian number one hit "Boom Boom Baby". 
Dichomeris trisignella is a moth in the Gelechiidae family. 
Its name refers to the original Golden Age of Television which occurred in the 1950s. 
Other cast members included a very young Peggy Ashcroft, Francis L. Sullivan, and Felix Aylmer. 
Stop Handgun Violence was founded in 1995 by Boston developer John Rosenthal with Michael Kennedy, son of assassinated former U.S. attorney general and presidential candidate Robert Kennedy. 
Her work has been translated into German, Russian, Lithuanian, Slovak, Spanish, Hungarian, Ukrainian and Italian. 
Bert Herdman was manager of Raith Rovers F.C. from 1945 to 1961. 
The seeds, most notably those of fonio, can be toasted and ground into a flour, which can be used to make porridge or fermented to make beer. 
Hiroshi Hanawa (born 14 May 1950) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics. 
After a retrial, he was acquitted on 1 August 2008, though his claims for compensation for wrongful imprisonment were dismissed. 
It is one of the largest glacier streams on Svalbard, draining about 690 square kilometers. 
It is common for a character to remain in the same class for its lifetime; although some games allow characters to change class, or attain multiple classes. 
The unincorporated communities of Beaumont, Eagle Lake Manor, Eagle Lake Terrace, Kansasville, and Rosewood are located in the town. 
It is a type of artwork that can be done on fingernails and toenails, usually after manicures or pedicures. 
Christiansen is a judge of the Utah Court of Appeals. 
It was produced and shown on television in the United States. 
Between 1977 and 1980, Harbhajan Singh, six Sikh foreign nationals and one from Guyana attempted to claim convention refugee status under the Immigration Act, 1976 on the basis that they had a well-founded fear of persecution in their home country. 
The locomotive is located at the Tweetsie Railroad theme park. 
A fossil fragment was cataloged in London. 
Deise Rosa de Almeida (born 8 September 1974) is a Brazilian Christian singer and songwriter. 
The competition has been played since 1987. 
Lice in this family are known commonly as the spiny rat lice. 
It originally aired on April 1, 2010. 
Eddie Watkins was the band's original drummer, but did not rejoin the band upon its reunion in 2008. 
On three occasions the county progressed to the third round of the competition: in 2001, 2002, and 2003. 
He is also chairman of e. 
Engystomops montubio is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae. 
Whispers is a 1993 domestic violence novel written by Belva Plain. 
He is currently the assistant manager of Rochdale. 
Although originally established in 1877 by University of St Andrews professors and their wives amid the increased demand for women's education, the school is now fully co-educational, taking boys and girls aged 5 to 18, with the option of boarding from age 12. 
They started out as an acoustic jazz trio, but soon went on to sound more like a rock band. 
VK Opatija (Croatian: Vaterpolski klub Opatija) is a Croatian water polo club based in Opatija. 
Internal fixation is an operation in orthopedics that involves the surgical implementation of implants for the purpose of repairing a bone. 
Middleton is a city in Hardeman County, Tennessee, United States. 
George Philip Barber (26 March 1863 - 7 November 1938) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. 
While riding out looking for lost cattle, Horace came upon a knoll covered with apple trees not far from the four corners of what is now Molalla. 
Cancellaria candida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails. 
Gertrude Hawk manufactures Frangos, and inclusions for several companies such as Ben and Jerry's and Turkey Hill Dairy. 
Armi Helena Kuusela (born 20 August 1934 in Muhos) is a Finnish charity worker, model and beauty queen. 
Kuffour appeared with the Ghanaian national team in the 2006 World Cup, as well as in four Africa Cup of Nations. 
Raj Patel (born 1972) is a British Indian academic, journalist, activist and writer who has lived and worked in Zimbabwe, South Africa, and the United States for extended periods. 
O 1 was a Holland 7P patrol submarine of the Royal Netherlands Navy. 
In 1999 Rucci published and co-authored Dynasty, the story of legendary Port Adelaide coach Fos Williams and his family's dynasty in football. 
The Men's synchronized 3 meter springboard competition at the 2017 World Championships was held on 15 July 2017. 
The Standards Board for Alternative Investments (SBAI), formerly known as the Hedge Fund Standards Board, is an international standard-setting body for the alternative investment industry and sets the voluntary standard of best practices and practices endorsed by its members. 
In 1936, he created the comic Biffen och Bananen for the magazine Folket i Bild. 
The Handley Page H.P.24 Hyderabad was a British twin-engine biplane heavy bomber built by Handley Page which served with the Royal Air Force between 1925 and 1933. 
Port Adelaide beat North Adelaide by 60 to 39. 
The club is active in three areas: swimming, water polo and master. 
The cast of performers includes an orchestra, a large mixed choir, an instrument with visual effects, dancers, a procession, incense, and rhythmic textural articulation. 
Gevor is a former WBO Youth champion and current WBO International Cruiserweight champion. 
Diaz (Romualdez) is one of 9 Barangays of the municipality of Tubajon, Dinagat Islands, Philippines. 
Ulmas Mirsaidovich Mirsaidov (born November 10, 1945) is a Tajik theoretical chemist. 
The album has been described as a distillation of Australian Country Music history, each song a classic and collectively, a musical 'collage' representing the entire spectrum of the bush ballad as it evolved. 
Residence Inns typically feature a complimentary small hot breakfast in the morning and a complimentary reception on Monday through Wednesday evenings called "The Mix". 
He played high school football at Birmingham High School, where he and his older brother Kenny were the only African American students, and attended the University of California, Los Angeles. 
He has worked in theater, television, and film for a number of years. 
Rebecca Emily Hollcraft (born May 9th) is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist, known professionally as BECCA, Becca-chan, and Bec Hollcraft. 
The station broadcasts under a sound broadcasting contract from the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland, aimed at Ireland's four main commuter belts, hence the full name. 
On May 2, 2017 an involuntary petition under Chapter 7 of the US Bankruptcy Code was filed against Central Grocers, Inc Parent company of SVT, LLC. 
Sheep operated the station until his death in 1957. 
Uruguay there after didn't participate in a Deaflympic event and yet to compete in the Winter Deaflympics. 
In 2015, the Central Marin Police Authority consolidated its police dispatchers with Marin County, California, after discussion began two years prior. 
Howard Johnson is an electrical engineer, known for his consulting work and commonly referenced books on the topic of signal integrity, especially for high speed electronic circuit design. 
These concepts first appeared in Albert Hirschman's more broadly focused 1970 book, Exit, Voice, and Loyalty: Responses to Decline in Firms, Organizations, and States. 
Polymorphisms resulting in amino acid substitutions in these two subunits have been associated with the regulation of blood pressure in an animal model of hypertension. 
Most hofjes were for women, because they were able to run their own modest household, usually as a member of a "hofje team" in various responsible roles. 
Since its invention, the term "grunge lit" has been retrospectively applied to novels written as early as 1977, namely Helen Garner's Monkey Grip. 
The song was also released as a single in December 2001.Despite early claims that the song would appear on the next Offspring album at the time (which would become Splinter), it was never released on any of their albums save for their Greatest Hits compilation. 
The rites can be considered part of what is now the Western branch of the Orthodox Church. 
The band's music is composed and performed by Medley (drums), Jones (keys, theremin) and Rollo (guitar, synths, piano). 
The movie was a product of the Division of Films of the Committee on Public Information, the Washington, DC-based federal agency in charge of wartime propaganda in the United States. 
Mithridates fled to the Crimea and committed suicide in 63 BC, finally ending the Third Mithridatic War. 
It is traditionally attributed to Praxiteles and dated to the 4th century BC, based on a remark by the 2nd century Greek traveler Pausanias, and has made a major contribution to the definition of Praxitelean style. 
Her work was selected for the 2010: Whitney Biennial, featured in major art collections, and has been exhibited throughout the United States and internationally, in Iceland, the UK, and Germany. 
The buildings were designed for the processing of kidskins into morocco or glazed kid leather. 
Dual-mode transit seeks to address a similar audience as personal rapid transit but with the capability to "travel the first and last miles off-guideway using onboard energy storage". 
Ursula Martinez also known as Ursula Lea (born 1966) is a London-based Anglo-Spanish British writer, performer, and cult cabaret diva noted for her use of nudity and non-actors. 
He drew cartoons for the Houston Chronicle from 2006-2017, where the newspaper's Web site maintained a blog of his cartoons and video animations. 
Parties that received less than 2.5% and coalitions that received less than 4% of the valid votes on the national scale in the first round of elections did not benefit from the respective multi-name list. 
She was acclaimed as one of "America's Best Young Novelists" in 1995. 
During the 1970s, Chrome's music did not fit into any particular music scene in America, and people found it hard to know how to book the band or promote and distribute their music. 
There were 1,335 students on roll at the time of the 2004 OFSTED (Office for Standards in Education) inspection. 
Also, in certain parts of the world, land can still be obtained by making productive use of it. 
She was appointed to that court by president Yoweri Museveni, on 14 March 2011. 
Mogulu is a populated place in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea. 
Also, a single species is reported from Hawaii. 
The lack of ornamentation was designed to reflect the Quaker tenet of simplicity. 
The Coral Court Motel was a 1941 U.S. Route 66 motel constructed in Marlborough, Missouri (a St. Louis suburb) and designated on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis County in 1989 as a valuable example of the art deco and streamline moderne architectural styles. 
Elias Neocleous & Co. LLC is the largest law firm in Cyprus. 
Cebu Holdings, an affiliate of Ayala Land, is currently responsible for the development of Cebu Business Park. 
From 2004 to 2005, the team formed a partnership with then-Craftsman Truck Series team Germain Racing as Germain-Arnold Racing, although Germain fielded Toyota Tundras in the Truck Series while the Cup Series team fielded Dodges. 
Take Longer was a United Kingdom drama series broadcast on ITV from January 1984 to May 1984 made by Thames Television. 
King Moses Osanga (born 6 October 1990 in Jos) is a Nigerian football forward. 
The use of two radios with a single antenna imparts new design challenges, such as leakage of the voice transmitter signal into the GPS receiver circuitry. 
The show debuted on Thursday, April 3, 2008. 
Paracosm is the second studio album by American singer Washed Out, released on August 7, 2013 by Sub Pop. 
She was born in 1941 and won the bronze medal in the fours with Ann Sutherland, Pam John and Nina Shipperlee at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. 
United States topped the group, joined in the second round by North Korea, the only team the United States failed to beat. 
He is the only Filipino to advance into a semi-final in the 3000 m Steeplechase in an Olympic event during the 1988 Seoul Olympics. 
Incite is an American groove metal band from Phoenix, Arizona formed in 2004. 
The word is usually used in reference to a kind of fret in architecture, or to a badge or insignia used in military or police uniforms to indicate rank or length of service, or in heraldry and the designs of flags (see flag terminology). 
Advanced Photo System (APS) is a discontinued film format for still photography first produced in 1996. 
His second single and the first of his first studio album "Der Kommissar" peaked at number one on the German and Austrian Singlecharts. 
Tamba ochra is a species of noctuoid moths in the family Erebidae. 
During the time when New York was the capital of the United States, it was the de facto Library of Congress. 
Crites is a surname. 
Rachael Pringle Polgreen (1753-1791) was a Afro-Barbadian hotelier and brothel owner. 
MDA is an Australian television series that aired between 2002 and 2005 on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). 
A traditional printed version is also published, at present on an annual basis. 
His debut studio album, WWW., was released in 2018. 
Strain is the third studio album by American industrial group, Flesh Field, which was released on November 8, 2004 on Metropolis Records. 
Levin has co-authored three books including QBQ! 
It is based in Leitchfield, Kentucky. 
Oyola skates for Traffic skateboards (which he owns), Krux trucks and autobahn wheels. 
Thomas Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal parish and church on Hill Street in Beattyville, Kentucky. 
There is no reference to a church or priest in the entry for West Haddon in the Domesday Book. 
Dorcadion cineriferum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
The standard requires compliance with IFRSs which are relevant to the specific circumstances of the entity. 
This became popular with surfers for warming their feet after surfing in the cold winter sea. 
Previous to the creation of the 'war czar' position, Deputy National Security Advisor Meghan O'Sullivan was primarily responsible for White House programs related to the war, under the direction of the National Security Advisor, Stephen J. Hadley and without authority to issue interagency orders. 
The game received positive reviews from critics, who cited its originality. 
Hypogastrura nivicola is a species of dark blue springtail. 
The People's Popular Movement was a political party in Trinidad and Tobago. 
The 37th Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony was held on November 25, 2016 at Kyung Hee University's Peace Palace Hall in Seoul. 
MEXTRAM, a compact model for bipolar transistors that aims to support the design of bipolar transistor circuits at high frequencies in Si and SiGe based process technologies. 
The site of the original inn is now part of the approach to London Bridge in Cannon Street. 
Ta' Kenuna Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Kenuna) is a semaphore tower on the cliffs near Nadur on the island of Gozo, Malta. 
Early printers would reuse metal type over and over again, and the faces would become chipped and damaged from use. 
Development cases are a set of preferences in university and college admission, particularly in college admissions in the United States, separate from merit, athletic, racial and legacy preferences, whereby applicants from wealthy families are more likely to be granted admission to selective universities based on large donations made by family. 
Susan H. McDaniel is an American psychologist and a faculty member at the University of Rochester. 
The ruins are on a good elevation, commanding extensive views of the surrounding country. 
She has been widely exhibited in the United States, England, Italy, Holland and Mexico. 
In 2007, Virgin Drinks sold over the rights of Virgin Cola to a company called Silver Spring Soft Drinks. 
The Siege of Tripoli lasted from 1102 until July 12, 1109. 
She began her career writing for Not the Nine O'Clock News whilst still a student at University of Sussex. 
The mascot is Renegade the Mustang. 
Mandar Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 81 constituencies of the Jharkhand Vidhan Sabha, located in Ranchi district. 
The patent for "Apparatus for producing tremolo effects" was applied for in 1928 and officially granted to Doc Kauffman on January 5th, 1932. 
He won gold at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in men's sitting Super G at the Pyeongchang Olympics. 
Viable Paradise is an annual one-week residential writing workshop held each autumn on the island of Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts and is focused on speculative fiction. 
The film concentrates on the daily struggle to survive of a tribe of Stone Age men. 
It has a G.I. Registration No. 112. 
Villarroya de los Pinares is a municipality located in the Maestrazgo comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. 
Schelmish was a German Mittelalter rock band from the city of Bonn. 
He is the 2006 & 2007 Bulgarian national silver medalist and the 2005 national bronze medalist. 
The first version of the Enhanced Telephone, the 99A model, was beige and featured a monochrome CRT screen. 
Fit are a British pop group who had a number of hits in the early 1980s, including a UK No.1 (for three weeks) with their cover version of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" in 1982. 
A blackout during war, or in preparation for an expected war, is the practice of collectively minimizing outdoor light, including upwardly directed (or reflected) light. 
It was Nonesuch Records' first million-selling album. 
The Church of St Mary the Blessed Virgin is a Church of England parish church in East Brent, Somerset, England. 
This area combines 19th century residential scale buildings with a tree-lined narrow street, country church, weathered headstones, Victorian Gothic railroad station, and a brick cast-iron front commercial structure, to create an atmosphere that evokes the era when the station served as the gateway to Rockville. 
Note: A small proportion of rods contact the cone bipolar cells directly. 
However, he was soon on the move once again when he signed for Waterford United and narrowly missed out on collecting the only domestic medal he hadn't got when his old club Bray beat Waterford in the final of the 1995 League of Ireland First Division Shield. 
After digestion, PCR is performed to increase fragments pool and then GBS libraries are sequenced using next generation sequencing technologies, usually resulting in about 100bp single-end reads. 
The present house dates from the 1790s, and was a property of the Pringle family. 
The City University Club is a gentlemen's club in the City of London, established in 1895. 
The previous year had seen a peak in candidates contesting, but with the absence of the Greens, who had fielded a full slate last time around, candidates returned to a normal level. 
He also pariticpated in 2006 Asian Games. 
XM had previously featured the beautiful music format on Sunny, channel 24. 
Taissy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France. 
The incident was the first show of defiance against the Portuguese by the local population since the conquest of Goa in 1510. 
Nacoleia tricrossa is a moth in the family Crambidae. 
Kosinski was recruited as director two years later. 
The Java loach (Pangio oblonga) is a species of tropical freshwater fish, an unbanded kuhli loach, native to the sandy streams of Southeast Asia. 
The two species differ considerably in appearance. 
The denomination 231 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years. 
Dissegna was a popular child known for his constant smile and deep love for Jesus Christ and His Blessed Mother; he likewise recited rosaries on a frequent basis and was a frequent attendant at Mass each week following the reception of his First Communion. 
Ronald Chagoury (born 8 January 1949) is a Nigerian businessman, the co-founder (with his billionaire brother Gilbert Chagoury), and CEO of the Chagoury Group. 
The Philadelphia Dance Company (also known as Philadanco) is a professional dance company based in Philadelphia, PA that specializes in modern contemporary dance. 
The southeastern myotis (Myotis austroriparius) is a small bat found throughout the Gulf Coastal Plain and the Lower Mississippi Alluvial Plain of the southeastern United States. 
Pinson is an unincorporated community in Madison County, Tennessee. 
Rejinagar is a village in Beldanga II CD Block in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India. 
There are many variations, but all feature a flat English saddle without the deep seat, high cantle or saddle horn seen on a Western saddle nor the knee pads seen on an Australian Stock Saddle. 
In other words, it refers to the amount of consumption that would be chosen by a person so rich that money imposed no constraint on his or her decisions. 
The newspaper has been independent of the university since 1992, but maintains a commercial agreement with the Edinburgh University Students' Association. 
Keith Smith (born 15 September 1940) is an English retired footballer, who played as a forward. 
Although the year-round population is only 22, during the summer season, the population swells to around 300, mostly tourists. 
Its candidates ran as "Independents" in the 1940 and 1944 elections and had some success. 
To these incomplete vehicles, a second stage manufacturer adds specific equipment and completes the vehicle. 
Gautham Krishn is an Indian film actor who has appeared in lead roles of Malayalam as well as Tamil language films. 
Cary Elwes' character, Lawrence Gordon, did not appear in subsequent films after Saw due to a lawsuit from payment issues for Elwes, although his character has been referenced many times since. 
Its former name is Sheerwater Secondary School. 
A product of the Manchester United Academy, he has spent time on loan with Oldham Athletic, Scunthorpe United, Walsall, Yeovil Town, Doncaster Rovers, Preston North End and Aston Villa. 
The Chief is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Charles Reisner and written by Arthur Caesar and Robert E. Hopkins. 
It was then reverse printed in 35mm film (reverse telecine) to be released in cinemas. 
In 2010, she tried to sail from Veracruz, Mexico, to Israel, but had to stop in Miami due to hurricanes in the Central Atlantic Ocean. 
All of the above models can be described by the same mathematical model (density matrix) which can behave differently depending on the set of initial parameters (coupling strength between the X and multi-X, density of states, decay rates). 
The screenplay was written by William A. Drake, based on a novel by Hawthorne Hurst. 
The population was 1,717 at the 2010 census. 
Formed in 1936, the ECRC has the task of formalizing the rules, organizing regatta dates and judging any disputes between members. 
Honesty Day is celebrated on April 30 in the United States to encourage honesty and straightforward communication in politics, relationships, consumer relations and historical education. 
It was promoted as an alternative to the economic sanctions and divestment from South Africa demanded by the UN General Assembly and the international anti-apartheid movement. 
Actually, it is very difficult to write blogs locally because the government banned blog service websites after the September 2007 Golden Revolution. 
It is considered as a failed operation by many cricket critics. 
Guests included on the album are Kurupt, WC and Young Bleed. 
Overseas Experience (OE) is a New Zealand term for an extended overseas working period or holiday. 
He made the short film "Kaatchipizhai" in Madurai, which was selected for Nalaya Iyakunar (a TV competition for short films). 
Sultan Salahuddin (died 25 November 1548) was the second sultan of Aceh, reigning from 1530 to c. 1537 or 1539. 
It is a sequel to the 1975 video game Gun Fight, originally released by Taito as Western Gun in Japan. 
Scott King (born January 21, 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Hannover Scorpions in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). 
In December 2016, he was named Chief Scout of the United States Men's National Team. 
Tong beat Tetaua Taitai of the United Coalition Party and Rimeta Beniamina of the Maurin Kiribati Party with a little over 42% of the vote. 
His best year on offense was 1961 when he caught 5 passes, 2 for touchdowns, including one for 94 yards. 
His agency is the first Arizona advertising agency to win at the Clio Awards. 
SMK Cyberjaya is the concept of school-based IT BRIGHT School and began operations on June 14, 2004 with 4 students, 21 teachers, led by Principal Pioneer Tn. 
A newer Fire Station 19 was occupied in 1976 one block to the south. 
Established in 1873, the club folded in 1937 after the formation of Colchester United. 
Besides Nkx2-2, Nkx2-2as may also regulate the expression of other genes. 
It has its own numeration (067 XXX XXXX) and it is a prepaid product. 
Right ascension and declination coordinates are for the epoch J2000. 
Great Hall, as the dance hall was then called, was also used by the Girl Scouts for roller skating and, in bad weather, for various other activities. 
Fones Potter (1759-1833), an American Revolution veteran, started a textile mill in the area, which was originally named Pleasant Vale. 
They formed at the city's university, going through various line-up changes before settling on their current roster in 2001. 
Angelou added a scene between Maya and Uncle Willie after the Joe Louis fight. 
A walk-in clinic describes a very broad category of medical facilities only loosely defined as those that accept patients on a walk-in basis and with no appointment required. 
Melbourne himself opposed dissolution, although his cabinet came to accept it, and Melbourne requested the Queen dissolve Parliament, leading to an election. 
Carper is currently the dean of the Delaware congressional delegations. 
Macon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. 
A copy of the portrait also hangs in the Kings Apartments at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton. 
Some were later transferred to the United Kingdom as part of the Second World War Lend-Lease pact between the two nations. 
It was generally shown as two islands. 
Baptism of Christ is a tempera on panel painting by Giovanni Bellini, dating to 1500-1502 and now in the chiesa di Santa Corona in Vicenza. 
The film was released February 26, 1937, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 
The county seat is Columbiana. 
Ethnically, the people are mostly Kaguru. 
This is a common species with a wide range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern". 
The cover features the drawing of a nurse and is dedicated to the womanhood of all nations. 
1848 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 7, 1848, as part of the 1848 United States presidential election. 
China is a 2016 Chinese documentary film depicting the lives of two families who make their living recycling plastic waste imported from developed countries. 
Often human rights groups claim expert knowledge on the issue or issues it surveys through human rights observers as field researchers. 
The Royal Government of Bhutan hires about two-thirds of the Sherubtse graduates while the remainder have to find work in the private sector or working for non-governmental organizations (NGOs). 
The stories followed the fictional adventures of two siblings, Sarah and Jamie who find a magical music box through which they are able to enter other worlds, most commonly as spectators. 
Initial plans were to have the second volume's timeline go through World War II, but due to the amount of material, an upcoming third volume should cover the period from 1920 until 1945. 
Another very important example of a supercell is the conventional cell of body-centered (bcc) or face-centered (fcc) cubic crystals. 
The cast includes Tyne Daly, Gilda Radner, and Vincent Gardenia. 
Colleges Scotland rolled up a number of previous Scottish higher education organizations, including Colleges Open Learning Exchange Group, a flexible educational materials exchange. 
Many publications use the synonyms Melanthium latifolium and Veratrum latifolium, but the "hybridum" epithet is 9 years older than the "latifolium," so Veratrum hybridum is now the accepted name. 
The event were previously sponsored by 989 Sports and in 2005 by Electronic Arts EA Sports. 
General Consell were given equal representation. 
Cooper (born October 1, 1986) is a former American football center from Fort Collins, Colorado, who played for four seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Minnesota Vikings and Tennessee Titans . 
Mouth Sounds is a mashup album by American musician Neil Cicierega. 
The KNCB is associated with the International Cricket Council (ICC). 
The Montserrat national basketball team is organized and run by the Montserrat Basketball Association. 
USS Kasaan Bay (CVE-69) was a Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy. 
A Passenger Car Equivalent is essentially the impact that a mode of transport has on traffic variables (such as headway, speed, density) compared to a single car. 
The Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum (REM) is devoted to Ancient Egypt, located at Rosicrucian Park in the Rose Garden neighborhood of San Jose, California, United States. 
The 16th Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 26 June - 13 July 1930 in Moscow. 
Major functions of the crown include light energy assimilation, carbon dioxide absorption and release of oxygen via photosynthesis, energy release by respiration, and movement of water to the atmosphere by transpiration. 
However, progress is now being made in this area. 
Whatever's on Your Mind is the seventh studio album by English indie rock band Gomez. 
In order to earn a large inheritance, an American woman travels to Britain to prevent her ex-husband having any more children. 
WAAZ-FM (104.7 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station broadcasting a country music format. 
The school replaced the county's first school, a 1908 building known as the "little green schoolhouse". 
Succulents are often grown as ornamental plants because of their striking and unusual appearance. 
By early January, the five states of Darfur were free of any new cases. 
The second album's single, "I Am L.V.", peaked at number 87 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. 
Justicia irwinii is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil. 
The following is a sortable list of films produced in Italy in 1962. 
With OpenVMS now ported to Alpha and IA-64 machines, the facility originally named VAXclustering was renamed to VMSclustering. 
It was described in 1883.Not many specimens have been collected, but their size is around 13 millimeters. 
Euphorbia sekukuniensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. 
The species in this genus have no arms. 
Prior to his time in the legislature, Yuko was a political and union activist for more than two decades. 
However both Apdf and AmiPDF are native and need no X11. 
The habitat of the jungle brake is rainforest where it can form large colonies in shaded moist situations. 
The Robin R 3000 is a French single-engined light aircraft designed and built by Avions Robin, which entered production in the 1980s. 
Reuters reported that Iran's Culture and Islamic Guidance Minister Mohammad Hosseini had confirmed that Iran would boycott. 
Prior to joining WWE he was perhaps best known for his work with Insane Championship Wrestling, where he won the ICW World Heavyweight Championship. 
Fredy Montero is the club's all-time top scorer with 47 goals, and he is tied with Mauro Rosales for the club record in assists with 34. 
Law thus reads this verse as calling for keeping the notion private from general onlookers. 
Samsung later announced the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 would also support the accessory. 
Williams is an alumnus of North Dakota State University and Valley City State University and is a retired educator. 
After the song was recorded, it was slowed by one-third, giving the desired and unusual effect, also making the voice more masculine. 
Blissett has always maintained that the incident was an accidental collision and video evidence of the challenge was deemed to show that Blissett kept his eyes on the ball and, furthermore, that in jumping to head an aerial ball, a player would typically raise one or both arms to gain height. 
Colin Friels (born 25 September 1952) is a Scottish-born Australian actor. 
It was retired and maneuvered to a graveyard orbit on 1 December 2009. 
Chesilhurst is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. 
The Hari Niwas Palace is a palace in Jammu, India. 
Reasons to Stay Alive is a 2015 memoir about major depressive disorder authored by novelist Matt Haig. 
He was based in the town of Tebnine and was head of the Ali al-Saghir clan. 
Tasman is classified as a rural local government area and has a population of 2,372, the region covers both the Tasman and Forestier peninsulas, with Nubeena the principal town. 
Following his retirement, Hutchison umpired in first-class and List A cricket from 1990 to 1992, during which he also umpired in a Women's Test match between New Zealand women and England women. 
Ben Faulks is an actor and writer from Cornwall, best known for his role as Mr Bloom in the CBeebies children's television show Mr Bloom's Nursery. 
Rekitha Rajendra Kurup (born May 23, 1989) better known by her stagename Bhama, is an Indian film actress who has mainly appeared in Malayalam and Kannada language films. 
Carlos Quintana (born 11 February 1988, in Glew) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Talleres in the Primera B Nacional. 
After years of high inflation, in 1749 Massachusetts withdrew its paper money from circulation and returned to specie. 
The James Milne House is an historic Gothic Revival home built by carpenter James Milne, located in Oregon City, Oregon, United States. 
Not to be confused with Zapadni Cesko-Bratrska Jednota, a related newspaper The Western Fraternal Life Association, previously known as the Zapadni Ceska Bratrska Jednota (English: Western Bohemian Fraternal Association) is a fraternal benefit society and financial services organization in the United States. 
Stalag Luft IV was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp in Gross Tychow, Pomerania (now Tychowo, Poland). 
ACG Norton College is a private school, owned by the Academic Colleges Group in New Zealand and having been first registered as a PTE in 2003. 
He founded the Bandidos' first Scandinavian chapter in Copenhagen in late 1992. 
Clyde W. Yancy is an American cardiologist, currently the Magerstadt Professor at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. 
In woodworking, the boring tool is static in size and used to form circular plunge cuts. 
This compares with a pattern of steady decline indicated by census results during the 20th century. 
King James (foaled 1905 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. 
This species is native to North America, where it is a widespread and common. 
The first church to be established in the Jacksonville Beaches, it dates to 1887 with the construction of its original building. 
WREZ is owned by Withers Broadcasting. 
He was knighted in 1895.He died in London in 1907. 
Over the years it has been translated into and published in many languages, including Hungarian, Finnish, Danish, Chinese, German, Italian, Vietnamese, Korean, Mari, Faroese, Polish, Welsh, Serbian, Bosnian, Romanian and Russian. 
Scientific Reports is an online open access scientific mega journal published by the Nature Publishing Group, covering all areas of the natural sciences. 
Peoples Multi-purpose High School, Ankola (1953) is one of the oldest high schools in Uttar Kannada district. 
Lee Township is a township in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States. 
The lake is named after William Wallace. 
Born in England, at aged twelve she was selected from 1,000 applicants for the starring role of Emily Thornton in the film A High Wind in Jamaica, after having been discovered by talent agent Maureen Riscoe. 
His cricketing debut in the year 2000 was tentative, and he was never picked to play for the Derbyshire side again, accruing a strike rate of 120. 
Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey. 
It is the first radar imaging satellite to be operated by the Russian military after the Soviet RORSAT and Almaz-T series. 
Uniontown was named #69 on CNN Money's "Best Places to Live 2005" list. 
The large surface area of the tracks distributes the weight of the vehicle better than steel or rubber tires on an equivalent vehicle, enabling a continuous tracked vehicle to traverse soft ground with less likelihood of becoming stuck due to sinking. 
The Harvard station is investigating data specifically upon the height, the deceleration (speeds ) and the distribution of ionized material within the trail of meteors. 
Gauss is a large lunar impact crater, named after Carl Friedrich Gauss, that is located near the northeastern limb of the Moon's near side. 
Prior to his elevation to the Bench, he served as a consultant in the litigation of Canadian thalidomide children seeking compensation from the drug company that produced the drug. 
She is the mayor of Cerdon, Ain. 
Diane Rodriguez is a prominent American theater artist who directs, writes and performs. 
Take the Train is a card game marketed by the U.S. Playing Card Company under its Bicycle Games sub-brand. 
In 1949, he was recruited to the new UCLA School of Medicine, where he served as the chief of cardiovascular surgery. 
Buddhism is the second-largest religion in Nepal. 
As such, the Chancery issued injunctions in an ineffective attempt to prevent its use. 
By Walton and Rube Barker were All-Southern. 
Valient Thorr is an American Southern rock/heavy metal band from Greenville, North Carolina. 
Melgona is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae. 
Tony Moll (born August 23, 1983) is a retired American football guard and offensive tackle of the National Football League (NFL). 
In the Western world the phrase is often used to refer to those who deal with impropriety by turning a blind eye. 
The style of the series is intentionally crude both in terms of presentation and content, with limited animation. 
While filming, Modine was encouraged by Kubrick to keep a diary of his experiences. 
The church originated from St. Andrew's Church, founded in 1830 as the first Church of Scotland congregation in what was then the town of York. 
The episode was watched by an audience of 7.33 million, and received positive reviews from television critics. 
Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) decides to save Lori Grimes (Sarah Wayne Callies), who has been injured in a car accident. 
Arrastras were widely used throughout the Mediterranean region since Phoenician times. 
Santa Claus is a 1996 American made-for-television musical fantasy-comedy film starring Angela Lansbury in the title role as Mrs. Claus, the wife of Santa Claus. 
Though it was Sean who handled all the vocals and songwriting, the album was credited to Chris as they considered putting younger Chris in front would draw more attention to the band. 
It is the third women's competition organized by the CFU, after the 2000 CFU Women's Caribbean Cup and the 2014 CFU Women's Caribbean Cup. 
His other films include Aanaval Mothiram and Ghoshayathra. 
Nathan LaFayette (born February 17, 1973) is a former ice hockey player in the NHL. 
A person can have dysphagia without odynophagia (dysfunction without pain), odynophagia without dysphagia (pain without dysfunction) or both together. 
The kettles are then filled with oil or lard. 
Tony Declan James Slattery (born 9 November 1959), is an English actor and comedian. 
The View River Neighborhood Association is a community located at Barangay Batasan Hills, Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines. 
As of 2017, MovilCash replenishment lanes are not currently available on PR-22 and PR-5. 
Taeniogonalos raymenti is a species of wasps in the family Trigonalidae. 
The Green Grotto Caves are show caves and a prominent tourist attraction on the north coast of Jamaica. 
Lee co-edited with Richard Daly The Cambridge Encyclopedia of Hunter-Gatherers, which was first published in 1999. 
It contains 75 buildings. 
It is traditional to post sideboys to honor superior officers. 
It replaced WWE's previous syndicated highlight show, LiveWire. 
Commercial property and building inspections (also known as Property Condition Assessments or PCA's) are important for clients seeking to know the condition of a property or real estate they may be purchasing, leasing, financing or simply maintaining. 
Henley was launched on 3 April 1912 by the Fore River Shipbuilding Company, in Quincy, Massachusetts; sponsored by Miss Constance Henley Kane, great-grandniece or Robert Henley; and commissioned at Boston, Massachusetts, on 6 December 1912, with Lieutenant Commander W. L. Littlefield in command. 
The title became extinct on his death in 1762. 
Shaanxi Diesel exports their products to more than 20 countries. 
Fortune was recommissioned on 30 March 1887 to carry cargo between ships and stations along the east coast until being decommissioned at Newport, Rhode Island, on 22 April 1891. 
In 1989, Jeannette retired and relocated to Charlottesville, VA. 
He drives the No. 63 Chevy Silverado for his own team in a joint effort with the MB Motorsports team in the Camping World Truck Series. 
After a series of transactions the mill was purchased by James E. Aderholdt, who operated it with the new turbine until 1976. 
Though he enjoyed a rejuvenation in 2002 when he joined Hampshire, following legal battles with Lancashire, and celebrated his recall to the England team with a Test century at Lord's, Crawley played in 37 Test matches in total. 
Notable public sculpture includes Dreaming Spires (two giraffes) on Leith Walk, Edinburgh, unveiled in July 2005. 
Dicynodontia is a taxon of anomodont therapsids or synapsids with beginnings in the mid-Permian, which were dominant in the Late Permian and continued throughout the Triassic, with a few possibly surviving into the Early Cretaceous. 
Since the late 1970s Vandenburgh has worked as a developmental editor for such publishers as San Francisco-based Chronicle Books, Counterpoint Press and for the Book Club of California. 
For example, in chess, if a "node" is considered to be a legal position, the average branching factor has been said to be about 35. 
Cedarview was opened in 1994. 
The LDS High School name was adopted in 1927. 
The album also charted at #39 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. 
Transcripts of The Great Philosophers such as Nimish gahlot ( greatest of all time) are available in published form in a book of the same name. 
They are small constrictors that are found in Central and South America, from southern Mexico to Colombia. 
Dimidiata has been found in rock piles, caves occupied by bats, hollow trees occupied by mammals or birds, and other diverse ecotopes. 
It is fairly common especially on isolated ground where it nests in the soil. 
The 1983 Kentucky Derby was the 109th running of the Kentucky Derby. 
Paul was not a religious man; he viewed the papacy as a means to consolidate his family's position. 
It was republished around 1872 by John Camden Hotten in his series The Library Illustrative of Social Progress, attributed to Theresa Berkley. 
Dark Room Sex Game is a video game released on the Internet in February 2008 for Windows and Mac OS. 
The flower has usually six tepals, the inner three of which are largest, triangular and edged with teeth, and bearing tubercles. 
In 1971, one of The Irish Rovers sings the song in one sketch as part of one of the episodes of The Irish Rovers Show. 
The Personal History of David Copperfield is an upcoming film written and directed by Armando Iannucci, based on the novel David Copperfield by Charles Dickens. 
The bike was presented in September 2014 at the Intermot. 
The inclusion of non-Europeans in the definition of white is controversial. 
Louis Edgar Wharton, born at Port of Spain, Trinidad on 18 January 1896 and died there on 31 December 1957, played first-class cricket in 12 matches in English cricket in the period from 1920 to 1922. 
In peacetime before and after the war she carried fruit and passengers; in US Navy service she supplied troops and ships in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II. 
Postal authorities may hold a first day ceremony to generate publicity for the new issue, with postal officials revealing the stamp, and with connected persons in attendance, such as descendants of the person being honored by the stamp. 
It is a common part of a woman's court dress, formal evening gowns or wedding dresses. 
Joe Mott (born October 5, 1965) is a former professional American football player. 
Social y Deportivo Dorados de Sinaloa Premier is affiliated with Dorados de Sinaloa who plays in the Ascenso MX. 
The community, in common with other Second Order Franciscan communities, is an enclosed and contemplative one, and the sisters provide for their own needs through a variety of activities. 
Kieran Goss is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with English National League 2 South team Chinnor. 
A majorette is a baton twirler whose twirling performance is often accompanied by dance, movement, or gymnastics; they are primarily associated with marching bands during parades. 
Qatar women's national cricket team represents the country of Qatar in international women's cricket. 
Programs from autumn 2006 onwards are approved and accredited by the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research, UAE. 
Air Canada Cargo Limited Partnership offers cargo services on domestic and transborder flights, utilizing the cargo capacity on aircraft operated by Air Canada and Air Canada Jazz on domestic and transborder routes. 
Josef Drobnik from the SPARQ Systems Inc., Kingston, ON was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015 for development of high performance power converters in industrial applications. 
The Netherlands Antilles participated at the Olympic Games from 1952 until 2008. 
The stadium also hosts the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame drum and bugle corps competition. 
In the various fields of healthcare, a population study is a study of a group of individuals taken from the general population who share a common characteristic, such as age, sex, or health condition. 
Shortly after the cancelation, on June 21, 2017, the Adirondack Daily Enterprise reported that WIRD has been off the air for at least two years. 
It was first broadcast on September 19, 2016. 
There are several major societies and associations within the classical Christian education movement, including the Society for Classical Learning, the Association of Classical and Christian Schools, Trinity Schools, and the CiRCE Institute. 
Despite being a ligament, it has sufficient vascularization that cutting it during surgery can lead to bleeding complications. 
Hamlet was an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia. 
Ludacris went on to be nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance. 
Complex ranked "1-800-Suicide" at #22 on their list of the 25 most violent rap songs of all time. 
This is their fourth outing in Indian Premier League. 
Brown v Tasmania, was a significant Australian court case, decided in the High Court of Australia on 18 October 2017. 
It is one of 2 dioceses in the province of Bohol and is part of the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Cebu. 
The song was later certified Platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 
It opened in 1846 and was originally named Kirby, but had been renamed Asfordby by 1863. 
Most cable companies have also issued new secured outside distribution boxes which require certain keys only given out to their installers to access, making theft via outside split line more difficult. 
1977 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Buenos Aires circuit, Argentina on January 9, 1977. 
Le Temple is a commune of the Loir-et-Cher department in central France. 
It was edited by Martin H. Greenberg. 
"Lice" received mixed reviews from television critics; many reviewers enjoyed the emphasis the episode placed on Flannery's character, although others felt the story did not work. 
Fxguide, trademarked as fxguide, is a visual effects and post-production community website founded by three visual effects artists, Jeff Heusser, John Montgomery, and Mike Seymour. 
Belenois, commonly called the caper whites, is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Pierini in the family Pieridae that are found in mainly in Africa and south-west Asia. 
The Glenelg River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. 
The sanctuary also operates a plant nursery that provides wildflowers and grasses for coastal prairie restoration projects or offered for sale to support the Audubon programs. 
Usmanpur is a village in Nawabganj tehsil in Bareilly district, Uttar Pradesh, India. 
The spotted box turtle (Terrapene nelsoni ) is a species of turtle in the family Emydidae. 
He is the founder and current president of the Malaysia Makkal Sakti Party. 
The violet-backed starling (Cinnyricinclus leucogaster), also known as the plum-colored starling or amethyst starling, is a relatively small species of starling in the family Sturnidae. 
In 1985, he made his debut in the senior side of Maccabi Netanya while only 16 years old. 
The number of steps ranges from 30 in the Perplexus Twist, to 125 in the Perplexus Epic. 
The station was owned and operated by STV Group plc in partnership with Glasgow Caledonian University. 
Construction of the 225,000-square-meter Stadium on a 650,000-square-meter site was completed in February 2015. 
The last occurrence of a Test match being won in two days also featured South Africa and Zimbabwe, when South Africa won by an innings and 21 runs in Cape Town in March 2005. 
Up to half of all offshore wealth (globally) is hidden in one of many British offshore jurisdictions. 
The Fleet Half Marathon is an annual road running event held in Fleet, Hampshire, United Kingdom. 
The building was renamed LeJeune's some time between 1918 and 1934.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 22, 2003.The historic bakery is still selling its french bread, ginger cakes and garlic bread as of 2018. 
Stylistic comparison between larger and smaller formats of the period remains difficult. 
Erickson has one school, Erickson Elementary School, which is in the School District # 8 and has grades Kindergarten through Grade 7. 
The flight originated from Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu. 
Both themes are present in his books, though neither dominates his writing. 
He also represented Poland at the 2016 Summer Olympics. 
Many of the AMTSO Feature Settings Checks are based on the EICAR test string. 
There is no lineage between the United States Air Force 33d Fighter Wing, established on 15 October 1947 at Roswell Army Airfield, New Mexico, and this organization. 
CANPASS Remote Area Border Crossing program allows people to cross the border at remote areas in Ontario from Pigeon River to Lake of the Woods and the Canadian shore of Lake Superior. 
As indicated by the cover of the album, it was limited to a pressing of 500,000 copies. 
File System Visualizer is also capable of manipulating the files and directories it shows. 
It is in the Pointed style, but suffered maltreatment in 1806 at the hands of restorers, whose work was subsequently removed during the restoration completed in 1902. 
Dupadu is a major village in Tripuranthakam mandal, Prakasam district, Andhra Pradesh, India. 
Only a small percentage of light penetrates the canopy so understory vegetation is generally shade tolerant. 
The population of the noisy scrubbird was estimated at 40 to 45 birds in 1962. 
The club is the oldest rugby club in Greece and it is currently a member of the Unity cup, the top tier of domestic rugby union in Greece. 
The stated purpose of the project was originally "to revive America's patriotism," but this was later modified to suggest that its purpose was merely to encourage more singing of the national anthem, or to bring more public attention to the role of music in American schools. 
He made his debut for Ireland against South Africa in the 2012 autumn international series. 
Like neighbor joining, the method takes a distance matrix as input, and works by agglomerating clusters. 
This is a list of episodes for the animated television series Toad Patrol. 
It was developed in the United States in the 1970s, and derives from Araucana chickens brought from Chile. 
Bridgewater is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. 
The series, produced by Salter Street Films, was based on the Emily of New Moon series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery. 
A second entrance, about 80m east on the north side of Eglinton, will replace two storefronts. 
SABA is an Australian fashion brand created by Joe Saba in 1965. 
These teams competed in the 2015 UCI World Tour. 
Wa-154, 1956 Yokohama District Court (Yokohama Chiho-saiban-sho), initiated February 22, 1956. 
Aspinall made a single first-class appearance for Manchester against Yorkshire in 1844 at Moss Lane, Manchester. 
Immediately after leaving school, Lyons joined the Glen Rovers senior team. 
It belongs to the nuclear receptor family where the ligand diffuses into cells, interacts with the receptor and results in a signal transduction affecting specific gene expression in the nucleus. 
Albert S. Brandeis Elementary School is a former elementary school in Louisville, Kentucky that began operation in 1913. 
The photos are simple black and white images of each individual standing upright from front, back and side perspectives. 
This was the first contested election and the first presidential race with only two candidates in Singaporean history. 
This occurs because there is a strong linkage disequilibrium that exists between DLA class II loci. 
In 2004 he was named by Government Technology in a list of the twenty-five Top Chief Information Officers in the public sector. 
The American Staffordshire Terrier, also known as Amstaff (in the United States of America), is a medium-sized, short-coated American dog breed. 
They recruited Larry Wallis (guitar, backing vocals) and Tim Taylor (bass). 
She is the treasurer of the Manzanar Committee, an NGO which promotes education about the World War II incarceration of Japanese-Americans. 
He is known to have been from the Carmarthenshire area, where his father was a farmer. 
Both are headquartered in the City of Industry, California. 
Hoad represented Australia in water polo at the Olympic Games four times, in 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972, as well as being captain from 1964 to 1972. 
Golems in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series are derived from golems in Jewish mythology; early forms of a clay robot, supposedly awakened by a spell or priestly words to do people's bidding. 
Originally a single track station, the line was doubled in 1939 and a second platform built; it reverted to its current status in 1969 when the line was reduced to single track once more. 
Other casts include Brahmins (Bhatt), Rajputs (Chand, Budal) and some deprived classes (Dalits-Damayee, Chunara etc.). 
Fisheries law is an emerging and specialized area of law. 
Today there are still 40 locations in the Midwest. 
Forever continues the trend of the band's previous albums, revolving largely around Alison Shaw's distinctive vocals. 
This species was formerly classified under Corallomycetella. 
Cameron died of a heart attack in Wilmington, Delaware on May 25, 1979. 
De Swaen is a defunct restaurant in Oisterwijk, Netherlands. 
Five singles have been released from it: "The Question Is What Is the Question?", "And No Matches", "Jumping All Over the World", a remix of "I'm Lonely" and a new version of "Jump That Rock!" 
Be Killed is the debut studio album from the supergroup Killer Be Killed featuring Greg Puciato of The Dillinger Escape Plan, Max Cavalera of Soulfly/ex-Sepultura, Troy Sanders of Mastodon, and Dave Elitch of the Mars Volta. 
Power plays Shannon Ross on the television sitcom Kim's Convenience. 
The 1st British Film Academy Awards (retroactively known as the British Academy Film Awards), were handed out on 29 May 1949 at the Odeon Cinema, Leicester Square, in London, for films shown in the United Kingdom in 1947 and 1948. 
For example, it can read sequential files based on the input format specified, then look up certain fields in a VSAM file or in another sequential file. 
Historically it was used as offices and by the county courts. 
Benigno Aquino Jr. wrote the script who based it on his experiences on the war as a correspondent. 
As read in a Circus magazine (or the like) of the time, the song was composed by Tommy Shaw after hearing the sound of his motor boat engine when it failed to start. 
The season started with an Olympic-style opening ceremony on July 9, 2011 and followed by a doubleheader basketball games on July 10 at the Araneta Coliseum. 
The components are delivered as a single unit designed to last a minimum of 5 years without service or liquid refilling. 
Wasdin served in operation Desert Storm and was part of the operation to capture Mohamed Farrah Aidid, a Somali warlord. 
It was discovered on 22 October 1968, by Russian astronomer Tamara Smirnova at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory in Nauchnyj on the Crimean peninsula. 
Juan Santisteban Troyano (born 8 December 1936) is a retired Spanish football midfielder and manager. 
The Bulldogs have played in nine bowl games since then. 
Further places are a matter of even bigger debate. 
The film was released on June 3, 1962, by 20th Century Fox. 
She has also served as Parliamentary Secretary for Public Transport since July 2016 and as Deputy Chair of the Electoral Matters Committee since August 2015, and previously served as Government Whip between December 2014 and August 2016.Spence is married to Victorian Labor assistant state secretary Kosmos Samaras. 
Scionomia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. 
The station was assigned the KYUS-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on January 26, 2007. 
Puya is the self-titled debut album of the Puerto Rican progressive metal band of the same name, released in 1995 by the Pompano Beach, Florida independent record label Noiz Boiz. 
What causes this change in the soils is not clear. 
It is named after Ymir, a village east of Trail, B.C. and south of Nelson, B.C.. 
When he returned with an injury, Ike returned to him. 
Mothugudem is a village in Khammam district of the Indian state of Telangana. 
He was recorded with a blood alcohol limit of .139. 
Thatcheria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae. 
In 2000, a total of 121 crews took part (69 men's crews and 52 women's crews), with around 1000 participants in total. 
Seattle Youth Symphony Orchestras (SYSO) is the largest youth symphony organization in the United States, the eighth oldest. 
It is endemic to the United States, primarily in the Southeast, the Lower Mississippi Valley, and the Lower Great Plains. 
He has also published two humor books entitled What Pooh Might Have Said to Dante (2012) and If Research Were Romance and other Implausible Conjectures (2013), compiling book reviews originally written by him for the Goodreads.com social website. 
The BCCA was terminated in late 1937. 
He claimed that the inspiration for his songs were from his dreams. 
Star is the debut album by American heavy metal band Helstar released by Combat in 1984. 
He was a member of the Arkansas Senate from 2001 to 2011, and a member of the Democratic Party. 
Situated in the central region of the Indian state of Kerala, the Eparchy of Kothamangalam lies extended in Ernakulam and Idukkii districts of Kerala, neighboring the Archeparchy of Ernakulam-Angamaly, eparchies of Irinjalakuda, Idukki and Pala. 
It is their biggest selling single, reaching number one on the Hot 100, and in 1997, the song won a Grammy for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group. 
In 2012 Sihabdeen was elected to the 2nd Eastern Provincial Council, representing United People's Freedom Alliance in the Batticaloa Electoral District. 
Roberge (born October 18, 1973 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics. 
It is the premier university of education (arts) in the country currently. 
The Brown Singers along with the Ebenezer Baptist Church Mass Choir have produced 19 live recording albums. 
David Caton (born January 3, 1956) is an American political activist and writer. 
Steffen, Jamais Cascio, and Jon Lebkowsky, along with some other frequent contributors to Sterling's Viridian notes, formed the Worldchanging blog. 
Canelo is a ghost town in eastern Santa Cruz County, Arizona, between the Canelo Hills and the northern end of the Huachuca Mountains. 
The exact function of the gene is poorly understood, but the polysaccharide biosynthesis domain that spans a major portion of the protein product (known as UPF0368), as well as the yeast homolog, YPL225, offer insights into its possible function. 
Aponogeton crispus is an aquatic plant species. 
The charity's work consists of two annual music festivals, Spitalfields Music Summer Festival (normally held in June) and Spitalfields Music Winter Festival (normally held in December) and a "Learning & Participation" program which undertakes projects throughout the year with participants drawn from across the Tower Hamlets community. 
It is associated with acute cholecystitis. 
Each location's ride routes are designed for everyone from the occasional rider to the experienced cyclist. 
Stanley House at 550 King's Road is a 17th century house in Chelsea, London, the former house of Admiral Sir Charles Wager. 
Jang-hwa and Hong-ryeon (literally The Story of Janghwa and Hongryeon) is a 1924 Korean silent film, the first feature film produced entirely by Korean filmmakers. 
Hiten Barman is an Indian politician, who was earlier with All India Forward Bloc and later joined All India Trinamool Congress. 
The 1861 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on January 8, 1861. 
Error-driven learning is a sub-area of machine learning concerned with how an agent ought to take actions in an environment so as to minimize some error feedback. 
It is heavily inspired by Gnosticism which Ginsberg came to know after reading Hans Jonas's book on the subject. 
The album featured Mullen's biggest hits from her albums, Nicole C. Mullen, Talk About It, and Everyday People. 
At the 1997 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, she won two silver medals in the 200-metre individual medlay and in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay. 
Clubs of Good Government is a grassroots organization within The People of Freedom, a political party in Italy. 
The Provincial Assembly of Balochistan is one of the four provincial assemblies of Pakistan. 
Saint-Aignan-Grandlieu is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. 
There was a growing fear in the United Kingdom that Germany was a rising power, and there was concern about the implications of access to the Persian Gulf that would arise from the Berlin-Baghdad Railway. 
He is the current Assistant Manager of Sheffield Wednesday Football Club. 
It is north-west of the city center. 
As of 2003, the district had a population of 35,942 inhabitants. 
Kelantan won the title and was promoted to Liga Perdana 1 alongside Malacca. 
Maclean suffers from severe asthma attacks and works with Asthma UK Scotland to raise awareness. 
The woods are also referenced by Jerome K. Jerome. 
XHCHZ-TDT (virtual channel 13) is the Chihuahua, Chihuahua television station that is owned and operated by Televisa, retransmitting the Las Estrellas network. 
Her research is mainly located in discourse studies and in critical discourse analysis. 
Only in 1918 the current institutionalized as a party and took the new name - the German Revolution had taken away censorship and repression. 
One of the televised matches ended in a disqualification when Baron von Raschke and Krusher Khruschev interfered on behalf of Ivan and Nikita Koloff to attack The Road Warriors. 
Avara is a 1996 computer shooter/action game designed by Juri Munkki and published by Ambrosia Software for the Apple Macintosh. 
It was written by The Veronicas' twin sisters, Jessica Origliasso and Lisa Origliasso, together with Shelly Peiken and Wells. 
He had been pre-selected for the 1999 Rugby World Cup, but was left outside the final team. 
Manix Auriantal (born August 8, 1981) is a Rwandan-Canadian retired professional basketball player and is now actively dedicated to the next generation of Canadian athletes. 
Born in Rockford, Illinois, Ange Armato was the seventh girl out of eight children from a large Italian family. 
Small portions also lie in the Town of Gilman, also in Pierce County, and the Town of Cady in St. Croix County. 
Songs featured on the show are available for digital download through the iTunes Store up to two weeks before new episodes air, and through other digital outlets and mobile carriers a week later. 
The station is owned by Hawaii Public Radio, and airs HPR's classical music service. 
It was established in 1986 and has a population of about 1150 students in Years 8 to 12 (aged 12 to 17), 90+ teaching staff, and 40+ support staff. 
In 2015 Great Canadian Dollar Store was purchased by Kevin & Jane Kane of Quispamsis, NB. 
The program also has Panahon. 
It may also be described as a blaze or simply a (large) fire. 
It was founded in the 20th century by Rabbi Arele (Aharon) Roth. 
The medal is awarded in the name of the Secretary of Defense to members of the Armed Forces who, while serving in a joint activity, distinguish themselves by non-combat outstanding achievement or meritorious service, but not of a degree to warrant award of the Defense Superior Service Medal. 
Since the mid-2010s, the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have considered white supremacist violence to be the leading threat of domestic terrorism in the United States. 
This is a discography of the Bolton, England rock band Kinesis. 
The Seneca, formerly known as The Seneca Hotel, is an apartment complex located on the corner of Broad Street and Grant Avenue, in the Discovery District of downtown Columbus, Ohio. 
It was published in an edition of 3,520 copies. 
In August 1583, while servant to Sir Christopher Hatton, he created town plans of Athenry and Galway, which he sent to Sir Francis Walsingham. 
Singles from 1987 to 1996, including two previously unedited live recordings are included in this 24-track album. 
Mills is a supporter of Leave Means Leave, a Eurosceptic campaign. 
The church was built in 1854; it was the second church building used by the local Associate Reformed Presbyterian congregation, which formed in 1835 and built its first church two years later. 
As with most telecommunication signaling methods, it uses routing information to direct the payload of voice or data to its destination. 
In the film, Kersey is once again forced to become a vigilante after his girlfriend's daughter dies of a drug overdose. 
Clivina allaeri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. 
The street is a home to upscale shops, offices, and night clubs, such as the historic Petrovka Passazh and TsUM. 
They visit school regularly and present the diversity of their Aboriginal culture to the children through song, dance, language, and music. 
This allowed the UDP to choose works to publish under its imprint and control, while the AUP takes charge of production and distribution. 
It was created on 28 July 1908 for Marshall Warmington, Liberal Member of Parliament for West Monmouthshire from 1885 to 1895. 
Gourav Chopra is an Indian TV actor. 
AdultVest, Inc. is an investment management company based in Beverly Hills, California. 
It has been found only on the edges of cranberry bogs on Cape Cod. 
This, combined with the speed provided by C++, makes the library more appropriate for heavily abstracted projects, including art installations, commercial campaigns and other advanced animation work. 
In 2003 Scientific American listed the site as one of the top five in the category of Medicine. 
The Clippers compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division. 
Timor is an island in South East Asia. 
The band disbanded in 2006. 
Maziar Bijani (born 1973) is a conservative cartoonist who publishes in Iranian newspapers such as Kayhan. 
Aleksey Dudukalo won the drivers' championship, driving a SEAT Leon Cup Racer, and Lukoil Racing Team won the teams' championship. 
Thomas Stefan Persson (born 15 May 1985) is a Swedish billionaire businessman, who works in the film industry. 
Pete Weber captured his fifth major title and second PBA National Championship of his career. 
Four of Ellis's works have been made into films. 
He is a fast bowler, and best known for a remarkable opening bowling partnership along with fellow West Indian Curtly Ambrose for several years. 
Jeonbuk also became the first team in history of Asia to have won the Champions League before the national league title (winning their first K-League championship three years later, in 2009). 
The movie stars Kirk Douglas, Lauren Bacall, Doris Day, Hoagy Carmichael, and Juano Hernandez, and was directed by Michael Curtiz and produced by Jerry Wald. 
Bribe Payers Index (BPI) is a measure of how willing a nation's business sector appears to engage in corrupt business practices. 
It serves the ward of Rogoredo. 
All of these transactions require an improbable coincidence of wants and events. 
Gun cameras are cameras used primarily in aircraft to help measure tactical effectiveness. 
Edward Arthur Seykota (born August 7, 1946) is a commodities trader, who earned S.B. degrees in Electrical Engineering from MIT and Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management, both in 1969. 
He graduated from Simi Valley High School and received a bachelor's degree from University of California, Santa Cruz and a master's degree in European history from San Francisco State University. 
Australian businessman, pilot and adventurer Dick Smith mounted an expedition in 1977 to find the Kookaburra but was unsuccessful. 
The player controls a cave man character who has had all his bones stolen from a prehistoric bank by a dinosaur. 
The interior floor of Vlacq has been resurfaced by lava, leaving a nearly level base. 
He then released the single "Perestroika". 
Steven Michael Goodman (born August 3, 1957) is an American conservation biologist, and field biologist on staff in the Department of Zoology at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago. 
He was an ardent plant conservationist and he is credited with coining the term "ethnobotany". 
The area is similar to the locality of Tirrannaville, which partly lies in the Goulburn Parish. 
Ringmaster is a 1998 American comedy film starring Jerry Springer playing (essentially) himself as Jerry Farrelly, host of a show similar to his own, in this case called simply Jerry. 
The West India Quay DLR station serves the area. 
Bogahalanda made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 2000-01 season, against Galle. 
The songs "Plant the Sky," "Joy of Love," and "Rain" were edited and released as singles for radio play. 
Bhupendrasinhji Manubha Chudasama is an Indian politician. 
Howard Roseman (born June 23, 1975) is the executive vice president of football operations for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). 
The wing is specifically designed to create a positive environment for new inmates, and also has amenities for prisoners aged 15 and 16.In 2013 an inspection report that concluded offenders were "exposed to unacceptable levels of violence", including bones broken after the use of force by staff. 
Kelling Heath Holiday Park is a holiday park in Norfolk, England, owned and operated by Blue Sky Leisure. 
Dr. Bradford conducted the ensembles in a concert tour of Israel which culminated in a studio recording of the John Rutter "Requiem." 
Subgroup P02 is part of the anatomical group P Antiparasitic products, insecticides and repellents. 
Voter segments in political polling in the United States consist of all adults, registered voters, and likely voters. 
During World War II, the squadron saw action in the European theater, flying both the British Beaufighter and the P-61 Black Widow night fighters. 
The main criticism of service location is that it obscures dependencies. 
The song "Long Way Home" was written by British pop group Steps, before their 2001 split. 
The program is modeled after the Indian talk-show Koffee with Karan. 
The Pretenders, released in 1995. 
It was the capital of the Grand Duchy of Moscow (or Muscovy), from 1340 to 1547 and in 1713 renamed as the Tsardom of Russia by Peter I "the Great" (when the capital was moved to Saint Petersburg). 
The Petasis reagent is an organotitanium compound with the formula Cp2Ti(CH3)2. 
Leo's College is an-all girls voluntary secondary school founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1839. 
It was the third cover of a Prince Buster song to be released by the group, following "Madness" and "One Step Beyond". 
It is an annual plant forming a small tuft up to about 14 centimeters tall. 
These inhibitors possess a bond-forming functional group of low chemical reactivity that, following binding to the target protein, is positioned to react rapidly with a specific nucleophilic residue at the target site and form a bond (Singh, Petter, Baillie, & Whitty, 2011). 
He won his second Gray Cup with them in 1949, his "terrific" punting being a key to victory. 
Bruce Woolley assisted in completing the tracks. 
For the deadliest tornado incidents, only fires/explosions and bombings have killed more students. 
The long-legged bunting (Emberiza alcoveri) is an extinct flightless species of bunting. 
In 2013 it became an "AirSea Show" with the participation of the maritime clubs. 
He was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic actions on 8 June 1945. 
The Hydroelectricity station consists of three Pelton runner vertical shaft turbine units rated 11 megawatts each at 1200 feet head. 
The parish of St Paul's in Glenageary is a large vibrant parish in the Church of Ireland Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough. 
All the total sales are rounded to the nearest 100 and expressed in thousands. 
This is a list of Legislative Council results for the Victorian 1970 state election. 
The College was previously affiliated with University of Karachi but has recently been affiliated with the National Defense University (NDU) along with other staff and war colleges of Pakistan Army and Navy. 
Released in 2007 as the first single from the album, the song reached No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, as well as #2 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks chart, eventually being certified Platinum by the RIAA. 
This crayfish is known from two caves, Hell Creek Cave and Nesbitt Spring Cave. 
It is most common in the southern half of its range. 
It was first published in 2000 by Pan Macmillan. 
From 2010 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Tlaxcala. 
And if the stock price remains stable or increases, then the writer will be able to keep this income as a profit, even though the profit may have been higher if no call were written. 
Anthony O'Garro (born October 8, 1987 in Chaguanas) is a Trinidadian footballer. 
The Hidden is an American science fiction action-horror film produced and released in 1987 by New Line Cinema. 
Pelmatolapia is a genus of cichlids native to tropical Africa. 
Year 708 (DCCVIII) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. 
Coal comes next with 29.2%, followed by natural gas (indigenous and liquefied) with 12.2%, nuclear energy with 8.3%, biomass and waste with 1.2%, and energy from other renewable sources with 0.5%. 
He competed in the men's 100 meter freestyle event at the 1928 Summer Olympics. 
The 2010 NSC Minnesota Stars season is the first season of the franchise to be played in the USSF Division 2 Pro League. 
The song samples "Paid in Full" by hip hop duo Eric B. & Rakim. 
Communal violence is a form of violence that is perpetrated across ethnic or communal lines, the violent parties feel solidarity for their respective groups, and victims are chosen based upon group membership. 
The name refers to Don River, Russia. 
The crater is named after Peder Horrebow. 
Squad (original title: Antigang) is a 2015 French action film directed by Benjamin Rocher and starring Jean Reno. 
It is commonly known as brown soft scale. 
After Asterius gave a Christian burial to a Roman soldier Marinus of Caesarea, who suffered martyrdom, he too was condemned to martyrdom, and was beheaded. 
He is the youngest son of Indonesia's first president, Sukarno with his third wife, Fatmawati. 
The system was introduced in 2006, using machine learning technology to facilitate the development of motion recognition packages for individual games. 
In 1983, East German band the Puhdys recorded a version with translated German lyrics on their Computer-Karriere album. 
Both major parties held their primaries on June 14. 
An amateur scientist who earned his living as grocer, Connold had a very wide range of interests as evinced by his numerous contributions to The Hastings and East Sussex Naturalist. 
The EC-60043 is based on a U.S. model and is sold only on order. 
Previously, players received a one match ban if they picked up two yellow cards within the group stage or within the knockout stage. 
As of 2008, some 8,232 immovable cultural properties and heritage sites have been identified, the last being those places in which items of cultural property are contained. 
It is found in China (Xinjiang) and Russia. 
Robert William Ayre (born 26 March 1932) is an English former professional footballer who played as a center forward in the Football League. 
Archery at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events. 
In differential use they impart yaw moment, potentially obviating the rudder and vertical stabilizer control surface, although requiring active flight control. 
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1481. 
Through this letter not only was the dignity and honor of women affirmed but of all people. 
Gary Bias is an American saxophonist, flutist and composer. 
The ARIA Awards recognize "the many achievements of Aussie artists across all music genres", and have been given by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) since 1987.Original soundtrack albums and cast/show albums by solo artists, groups and various artist compilations are eligible. 
It was created on 12 July 1910 for John James Briscoe. 
In 2011, Murray played the role of the nurse in the Scottish film In Search of La Che before going on to play the role of Melanie in the short film Falling for Fitzgerald which earned her the Best Acting accolade at the 2012 British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards. 
Another standard (ISO/IEC 23001-1), known as Binary MPEG format for XML (BiM), has been standardized by the ISO in 2001. 
Habronattus texanus is a species of jumping spider in the family Salticidae. 
Mingachos (born May 27, 1998) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for New York Red Bulls II in the United Soccer League. 
From 2001 to 2004 he was Director of the European Institute at the same institution. 
Potikhinly is a village in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan. 
A.J. Cronin, whose 1937 novel, The Citadel, brought much attention to Tredegar's grassroots healthcare system, worked as a doctor at the Cottage Hospital during the early 1920s. 
The professional world rankings for all the professional snooker players, who qualified for the 2015/2016 season, are listed below. 
Newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst was an avid Morab breeder, and is credited with the creation of the breed name by coining the term, "Morab", as a combination of the names of the parent breeds. 
Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily under Roger II after conquering southern Italy and Malta from the Saracens and Byzantines, and an expedition on behalf of their duke, William the Conqueror, led to the Norman conquest of England at the historic Battle of Hastings in 1066. 
Diana Finda Konomanyi is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current Sierra Leone Minister of Lands, Country Planning and the Environment. 
The exploratory Muphanephane gold mine is in the Matsiloje area. 
Because the events of the plot take place during the Christmas season, it is a contemporary but little-remembered example of the Christmas film. 
Ian Hazel (born 1 December 1967) is an English former professional footballer. 
It was replaced by XM's The 80s on 8 on November 12, 2008, as part of the Sirius XM Merger. 
He was the co-founder of Franklin & Armfield, "the largest slave trading firm" in the United States. 
While at Fort Knox, he commanded C Company, 4th Battalion, 54th Infantry (Mechanized), 194th Armored Brigade, from June 1977 until June 1978. 
According to their website, Pillar defines the title as: "For the love of" = the passion of, and "The game" = the pursuit of Christ. 
One of the reasons why demographers use statistics about population change is because of the social and demographic transformations that the world experiences; significant challenges for the government and businesses will take effect depending on the degree of the population change. 
The poem is composed of five books and a fragment of a sixth book. 
Enz of an Era was the first hits compilation by New Zealand rock band Split Enz. 
Ward 4 LLC privately funds a space in Milwaukee, Wisconsin for startup accelerators and co-working. 
On March 10, 2016, Young was assigned to the Gladiators. 
The FIL World Luge Championships 2013 took place under the auspices of the International Luge Federation at the bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. 
The Sundvolden GP is a one-day cycling race held in Norway. 
The festival is held in Ruatoki biannually. 
The school is well known for its open riser stairs, being some of the first in the country, and its astro-turf, which was funded by a successful campaign from the National Lottery. 
Brooks earned his Ph.D. at the University of Toledo. 
So Def remix was also filmed, featuring appearances by Dupri and Lil' Bow Wow inter-cut with scenes of Simpson. 
The Argentine reasoning was that if the British military felt vulnerable in Europe, they would decide to keep some vessels in European waters rather than send them to the Falklands. 
His legal work ranged from murder and assault, to worker's compensation and constitutional issues. 
It is also known as Posta Kenya. 
Andrew Walker (born 1968) is an English barrister and coroner for Northern District of Greater London. 
He formed another government on 29 January 1927. 
The Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification (CRCC) is a national certifying organization for professional rehabilitation couselors. 
The album was used as source material for the remix album Ikebana: Merzbow's Amlux Rebuilt, Reused and Recycled. 
Iran had a comprehensive and effective program of family planning since the beginning of the 1990s. 
Designed and built by Bolliger & Mabillard, the roller coaster originally opened in 1996 as a stand-up roller coaster called Mantis, which at the time was the tallest, fastest, and longest of its kind in the world. 
It is largely an alpine climate species, growing at elevations above 9,000 feet. 
Rebecca Pogrow, a television writer who wrote for Freddy's Nightmares and Falcon Crest, and possibly also Dark Justice. 
He was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on March 2, 2011, and was released on July 25, 2011. 
A modern version of this in some areas is to spread the grain on the surface of a country road so the grain may be threshed by the wheels of passing vehicles. 
It was developed by the Interactive Software Federation of Europe (ISFE) and came into use in April 2003; it replaced many national age rating systems with a single European system. 
From 2018 to 2021, he will serve as a visiting chair professor at Suzhou University and the president of the Institute of Advanced Study there, as part of the Thousand Talents Program in China. 
In 2005, Fantasy Flight released Descent: Journeys in the Dark, which is based on the Doom game. 
Pet collars can be made of leather, nylon or metal. 
His influences, both of the literary and music world, include Leonard Cohen, Hank Williams, Richard Brautigan and E. E. Cummings. 
For much of 2008, it was a mostly empty lake basin after a portion of a county highway that forms part of the dike wall eroded on June 9, 2008, under the pressure of floods in the area. 
They weighed 35 to 50 pounds and cost $40 to $150. 
The seat of Modimolle Local Municipality was Modimolle. 
Srirangam is bounded by the Kaveri River (also known as Cauvery river) on one side, and the Kaveri distributary Kollidam (Coleroon) on the other side. 
The Quad-City Times is a daily morning newspaper based in Davenport, Iowa, and circulated throughout the Quad Cities metropolitan area (Davenport, Bettendorf and Scott County in Iowa; and Moline, East Moline, Rock Island and Rock Island County in Illinois). 
Tung Chung South constituency is loosely based on Tung Chung with an estimated population of 22,048. 
Mankhar is a village in eastern Yemen. 
The first gold medal at the Winter Games was earned by Sjoukje Dijkstra in ladies' figure skating at the 1964 Winter Olympics. 
The song made Riley the first woman to top both the Billboard Hot 100 and the U.S. Hot Country Singles charts with the same song, a feat that would go unrepeated until Dolly Parton's "9 to 5" in 1981. 
It was released on 8 December 2014 as a digital download in Norway. 
Allelopathic interactions are an important factor in determining species distribution and abundance within plant communities, and are also thought to be important in the success of many invasive plants. 
It first entered direct marketing in 1972 and began marketing computer equipment in 1981. 
Tony Tooke was the Chief of the United States Forest Service for a little over six months, from September 1, 2017, until he announced his retirement on March 7, 2018 due to numerous sexual misconduct allegations over his four decades of employment in numerous positions for the Forest Service. 
Ten Palestinians, including three children and Reuters cameraman Fadel Shana'a, were killed by Israeli airstrikes on the Al Bureij refugee camp. 
Usually a fullback on either flank, he could also appear as a central defender. 
LSTM (T-LSTM) is a long short-term memory (LSTM) unit capable of handling irregular time intervals in longitudinal patient records. 
Red Bull BC One is an annual international B-Boy competition organized by the energy drink company Red Bull. 
"The Justice League Elite are a not-exactly-sanctioned, don't-ask-don't-tell, covert operations unit- newly formed to hunt and eliminate extra-normal threats to the earth before they go public." 
The Noble Baronetcy, of Ardkinglas, and Eilean Iarmain in the County of Argyll, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 26 July 1923 for the businessman John Noble. 
He is currently head of The University of Glamorgan's Music Academy in Cardiff, Wales. 
Richmond Hill is an ecumenical fellowship, residence and urban retreat center. 
Pseudorhaphitoma agna is a small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae. 
After his departure from Yes, Bruford spent the rest of the 1970s playing in King Crimson, touring with Genesis and U.K., and eventually forming his own group, Bruford. 
It was released in 1983 on Warner Bros. Records. 
In South America some of its species are endemic to Brazil in the Atlantic Forest and/or Cerrado ecoregions; in Africa the largest number of species is found in Cameroon and Gabon. 
It has been called "consummately intellectual", "by far the most beautiful of all photographic magazines", and "a portrait of an age [in which] the artistic sensibility of the nineteenth century was transformed into the artistic awareness of the present day." 
The West Kent Football Club was a short-lived 19th century rugby football club that was notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union, as well as producing a number of international players in the sport's early international fixtures. 
The DVD version of this album was released in June 2011. 
He is former Director of the Center for Cognitive Aging and Cognitive Epidemiology and co-Director of the Alzheimer Scotland Dementia Research Center. 
Bag-o Abo (historically Bagabu Islet) is a small, wooded island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines. 
Cameroon sent a delegation consisting of only 2 competitors for the event competing in a single sporting event. 
Countries in Southern Africa are worst affected by the HIV/AIDS pandemic. 
Kurunthancode, Agastiswaram and Thackalai, are the nearby towns to Pillayarvilai. 
It is among the approximately 101 cobblestone buildings in Ontario County and 26 in the village and town of Phelps. 
It holds that indemnities can be claimed under English law for any consequential costs of a contract not turning on an innocent misrepresentation (such as rent). 
Erith was a local government district in north west Kent from 1876 to 1965 around the town of Erith. 
Wilson adopted the name Pato as a stage name for his various performances. 
Hunt Hawkins is an American poet. 
According to the APG III, this family belongs to the order Malpighiales. 
It is also sometimes termed at anthropological archeology because of its indirect traces with complex patterns. 
Yoga is a physical, mental and spiritual practice originated in India. 
The journal covers both research and material dealing with continuing medical education and society guidelines. 
Spider-Man: Toxic City is an action game designed for mobile phone. 
She lives in Des Moines, Iowa. 
It returned to the UCI Europe Tour in 2017. 
David Sosnowski (born 1959 in Taylor, Michigan) is an American novelist and short story writer. 
LinuxTag (the name is a compound with the German Tag meaning assembly, conference or meeting) is a free software exposition with an emphasis on Linux (but also BSD), held annually in Germany. 
It was first described in 1873 by Thorell. 
A hollow organ is an internal organ that forms a hollow tube, or pouch such as the stomach, intestine, or bladder. 
Arthur Andrews Collins (b. Sept. 9, 1909, d. Feb. 25, 1987) first gained national recognition as a teenager for significant advances in radio communication, and later founded his own radio engineering and manufacturing company in 1933. 
The proposal had been dubbed "Boris island" by the media, reflecting the support for the project from former London Mayor Boris Johnson. 
Armando Coroneaux Isidoro (born 2 July 1985) is a Cuban international footballer who plays for the Cuba national football team. 
Kline served four months of a six-month sentence in a prison in Allenwood, Pennsylvania, for conspiracy to obstruct justice, and was frequently held with Watergate witnesses at Fort Holabird for interrogations to provide testimony. 
The town is the richest in Maryland, with a median income of "over $250,000", the highest income bracket listed by the census bureau, and a median home value of $1,823,800.Chevy Chase Village includes 721 homes. 
Robert Hawley Ingersoll (December 26, 1859 - September 4, 1928) was an American businessman who initiated the "Dollar Watch," the first mass-produced inexpensive pocket watch in 1896. 
Anguillara is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Piazza Giuseppe Gioachino Belli to Lungotevere degli Alberteschi in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Trastevere. 
The Maharishi University of Management stabbing occurred on March 1, 2004, when without provocation, a university student Shuvender Sem fatally stabbed a fellow student, Levi Butler, after Sem had attacked another student earlier in the day. 
In 1963, a fresh shell of what was subsequently named Sphaerocypraea incomparabilis was dredged up by a Soviet trawler in the Gulf of Aden. 
For example, William Corbet Le Breton, father of Lillie Langtry, was rector of Saint Savior at the time he became Dean, though transferred to St Helier in 1875. 
TIM-001 was an application development microcomputer developed by Mihajlo Pupin Institute (Serbia) in 1983/84. 
At club level he plays for UNTREF. 
The follow-up was the title song, "Guitars, Cadillacs" at No. 4. 
During the 1840s and 50s, Smith's barbershop on the north slope of Beacon Hill was a center of abolitionist activity, and provided shelter to freedom seekers on the Underground Railroad. 
The Yellow Rose of Texas is a 1944 American film directed by Joseph Kane. 
The critique has since been revised in several different versions and languages. 
It is a satire about a jaded Nobel-winning physicist whose dysfunctional personal life and cynical ambition see him pursuing a solar-energy based solution for climate change. 
In the electrical wiring of buildings, a cable tray system is used to support insulated electrical cables used for power distribution, control, and communication. 
Television Studios, Inc. (stylized as fox21 television studios.) is an American television production company that is a subsidiary of 20th Century Fox's Fox Entertainment Group and a division of 20th Century Fox Television. 
Before he died on July 16, 2014, he had largely completed work on Step Back, which was released on September 2, 2014. 
Ricks was born on December 6, 1974 in Hyde Park, Chicago. 
The carbon footprint of the races are kept to a minimum, support cars outside BikingMan organizations media cars, are strictly forbidden. 
Both companies are located in Rome, London and Brussels. 
The Minton Archive is an important collection of records for the English pottery firm Minton. 
HMS Sedgemoor was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy, launched at Chatham Dockyard in 1687.Sedgemoor was driven ashore and wrecked at South Foreland, Kent on 2 January 1689. 
Bembidion constrictum is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. 
Blaine's reputation for public corruption and his inadvertent alienation of Catholic voters proved decisive. 
Cacostola fuscata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
Debra is a village, with a police station, in Debra CD Block in Kharagpur subdivision of Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India. 
While there was widespread suspicion that the South African government was involved in the crash, no conclusive evidence has emerged. 
IE 11 is still available and preinstalled on Windows 10, but users setting up their computers for the first time have to actively seek it from the Windows Accessories folder in the Start menu since it is not pinned to the taskbar by default. 
It is the only philanthropic organization which exclusively supports American Indian, Native Alaskan and Native Hawaiian arts and cultures in the United States. 
The China Electronics Technology Group Corporation (CETC) was established in 2002, as a People's Republic of China's state-owned company. 
The Los Coyotes LPGA Classic was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1989 to 1992. 
In the same year, Jasmine Janes and Marco Duretto changed the name to Pterostylis anaclasta. 
In the Grand Final, Storm defeated Parramatta 23-16 with Billy Slater named the Clive Churchill Medalist. 
It also contained breaking news on politics and major events in Zambia. 
William Horberg is an American film producer, chair of the Producers Guild of America on the East coast, and guest curator at ArtYard. 
After this he decided to try drifting in his Skyline. 
It is one of the rarest games to be released for the console. 
Morula bicatenata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails. 
The shrouds serve a similar function but extend on each side of the mast and provide support in the athwartships direction. 
Removal of earth began in 1981 and was used to create the overpass of the railway line to the east of Werrington railway station. 
In round four, Boyd was reported for striking two Carlton players in the last quarter, John Heathcote and John Nicholls. 
Rudolph Lingens is a fictional character often used by contemporary analytic philosophers as a placeholder name in a hypothetical scenario which illustrates some feature of the indexicality of natural language. 
He was the first British person to fight in the UFC, as well as the first person to beat Frank Mir, temporarily halting the young star's rise to Mixed Martial Arts superstardom, as Mir later went on to become UFC Heavyweight Champion. 
The broadest textural classes are crystalline (in which the components are intergrown and interlocking crystals), fragmental (in which there is an accumulation of fragments by some physical process), aphanitic (in which crystals are not visible to the unaided eye), and glassy (in which the particles are too small to be seen and amorphously arranged). 
It discusses the activities of five agents, or "probationers" as they are referred to, Maurice Halperin, Duncan Chapin Lee, Bella Joseph, Franz Neumann, and Julius Joseph. 
The screenplay was written by Miles Hood Swarthout (the son of the author) and Scott Hale. 
Glover is the first winner to have auditioned three times before being cast for the live shows. 
The only isolate infects the marine photosynthetic protist Micromonas pusilla, a prasinophyte. 
It was located 9.7 miles north of Marianna, Florida. 
His best event was the horizontal bar for which he medaled bronze at the 1988 Olympic Games and silver at the 1993 World Championships. 
It was described as the "bloodiest battle in 5 months". 
The Transcaspian Government (1918 - July 1919) was a "Menshevik-Socialist Revolutionary" coalition set up by the Railway workers of the Trans-Caspian Railway in 1918. 
It was held between March 25 and March 29, 1981, in London. 
This means that JavaPoly can run almost any Java library, including libraries that use threads, shared memory, locking primitives, and 64-bit integers. 
It was a spin-off program from the popular motoring series Top Gear. 
Their absence was compounded by painfully slow pitches, particularly at Bridgetown, and Australia played 5 bowlers in all four Tests. 
The historic heart of the Lower Falls village, St. Mary's Episcopal Church, and the adjacent residential area on Grove Street, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Newton Lower Falls Historic District. 
It was released in March 1997 on Hit It! 
The museum came into being when in 1841 the Montrose Natural History and Antiquarian Society started a fund to expand its space; in order to house its curiosities and wonders ranging from geological and ethnographical artifacts to a collection of natural history objects and fine art. 
It is known from Tabasco, Mexico. 
Pamudurthi Bayapa Reddy was an Indian politician. 
It was created on 24 January 1924 for Sir John Mellor, Director of Prudential Assurance Company. 
The Regimental Medical Officer, who risked his life to attend to those who had been wounded and to rescue two badly injured men caught out in the open, was awarded the MBE for gallantry. 
She became the first member of the Big Brother jury house that season. 
Proceedings commenced by or against the Crown are governed by the Crown Proceedings Act 1947, and procedurally by Part 66 of the Civil Procedure Rules 1998.In particular, judgments against the Crown cannot be enforced in the usual way. 
She is known for creating the Cartoon Network series Steven Universe, which has made her the first woman to independently create a series for the network. 
Shujin started training at 18 under renowned master Zhang Zhaodong, who he served until his death 1940. 
It was re-released with overdubbed "live" effects in September 1969 as an A-side single and reached number 60 on the Billboard Pop chart. 
Aman Kumar Verma (born 3 January 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Southern League Premier Central side Tamworth, where he plays as a midfielder. 
In the U.S., the EPA requires a data acquisition and handling system to collect and report the data. 
Donal has done voice acting in shows like ReBoot and Justice League Unlimited (as Captain Boomerang). 
Absolute is a music compilation album under both the Body and Soul and Midnight Soul collection series. 
The initial lineup was short-lived and consisted of Jordan Egler (guitar, vocals). 
Farley is home to a 1/2 mile dirt race track, the Farley Speedway. 
She is best known for her roles as Jodie "Scout" Allen in Waterloo Road and Sinead Tinker in Coronation Street. 
Rospentek is a village and municipality in Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina. 
The Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction is a Canadian literary award that annually recognizes one Canadian writer for a non-fiction book written in English. 
Today the Heiltsuk control the site, which houses a BC Ferries terminal, fish plant, and two houses, as well as archeological remains of the old village. 
The fishing cat (Prionailurus viverrinus) is a medium-sized wild cat of South and Southeast Asia. 
Rasbora kottelati is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora. 
It is located on 17 Pebble Drive, Savannah Park. 
Elizabeth "Ella" Gunson (born 9 July 1989) is a New Zealand field hockey player. 
Her storylines have consistently followed themes such as romance, unrequited love and rejection. 
A dragnet is any system of coordinated measures for apprehending criminals or suspects; including road barricades and traffic stops, widespread DNA tests, and general increased police alertness. 
The game plays very similarly to Donkey Kong Country and Jumpman. 
Demandatam coelitus humilitati nostrae is an apostolic constitution promulgated by Pope Benedict XIV on December 24, 1743, about the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. 
The population was 5,485 at the 2010 census. 
This can be a means of furthering Acquisition Reform Strategies, such as Use of Performance Based Requirements, Use of Commercial Practices, and Reduced Cost of Ownership. 
On 17 November 2011, Chinese state media reported that Yinghuo-1 had been declared lost by the CNSA. 
It was won by the Labor candidate Fred Marshall. 
Most of it dries at low tide. 
Since 1992, Mr. Seeger serves as President & CEO of Financial Markets International, Inc., (FMI) a law and economic consulting firm. 
Humphreys asserted that the men participating in such activity came from diverse social backgrounds, had differing personal motives for seeking same-sex sexual partners in such venues, and variously self-perceived as "straight," "bisexual," or "gay." 
Korea were at their peak in the 1980s, where they won 3 consecutive Asian championships (defeating full-strength Japan squads), and even managed to play a test against the Wallabies. 
He has previously spent time as defensive backs coach for the Chicago Bears and San Diego Chargers. 
She is currently faculty at the Rhode Island School of Design. 
Pterolocera elizabetha is a moth of the Anthelidae family. 
The Berklee Performance Center is a 1,215-seat theater located on Massachusetts Ave. 
Kenneth Dubuque Memorial State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest in the northern Berkshire Hills in the towns of Hawley, Plainfield, and Savoy. 
This presents a challenge to authorities as infrastructure and habitations encroach into bushland areas. 
Iduno Santoni (born November 28, 1968) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1990s. 
For authentication between the DNS client and Active Directory, the AS-REQ, AS-REP, TGS-REQ, TGS-REP exchanges must take place for granting of ticket and establishing a security context. 
Erzurum Technical University aims to become a research hub in the region. 
This gene encodes a member of the acyl coenzyme family. 
It includes several species which are micromollusks. 
The Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB), is a worldwide professional body that represents construction and property professionals who work within the built environment. 
Epilepsy-intellectual disability in females also known as PCDH19 gene-related epilepsy or epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 9 (EIEE9), is a rare type of epilepsy that affects predominately females and is characterized by clusters of brief seizures, which start in infancy or early childhood, and is occasionally accompanied by varying degrees of cognitive impairment. 
Their origin is obscure, but it is believed that they originated from China, and that they were used in a game of the same name. 
He was also briefly a member of the Filthy Thieving Bastards, recording one record with the group. 
In 2005, full seasons of Aqua Kids began airing. 
Mefisto in Onyx is a science fiction novella by American writer Harlan Ellison. 
He co-founded the band with Jeff Hanneman in 1981 and has been a member ever since. 
All species in this genus have one distinct feature that separates them from other species in the Hylidae, the lower eyelid is marked with pattern of lines, veins, or dots. 
At the coronation of King Charles I of England in 1625, he was made a Knight of the Order of the Bath. 
It is a medium to large sized dog similar in appearance to the Labrador Retriever. 
The facility is situated at Portland Bill, where tests can be performed well away from stray electric and magnetic fields. 
Severino has been involved with constitutional challenges to the Affordable Care Act. 
This village falls under the Mananthavady Taluk. 
Previously traded on the NASDAQ, the company was taken private in an acquisition in 2018. 
Due to this, Nanang and Luyoh decided to surrender to Brooke although they paid a heavy fine of 40 jars. 
Quatrebras (four arms) is the French word for crossroads. 
Only Zeus was able to satisfy Ganymede fully. 
A 1996 graduate of South Florida State College, he earned an associate degree in computer programming. 
The Englishman's Library was an English book series of the 1840s, a venture of the publisher James Burns. 
Most human hazard, precautionary statements, and human personal protective equipment statements are based upon the Toxicity Category of the pesticide product as sold or distributed. 
In addition to being an English & Drama teacher at a Catholic college on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, he is the artistic director of the Rough Hewn Theater Troupe, which calls the Star of the Sea Theater, Manly as its home. 
Alexander began his professional life as a primary school teacher. 
It is in Travelcard Zone 5 and between Greenford and South Ruislip stations. 
The Hornets are currently coached by Brian Katz. 
Chris Meek lives in Stamford, Connecticut with his wife and their three children. 
The lumbar vertebrae help support the weight of the body, and permit movement. 
Scottish Golf Show is a Scottish television series, which aired on Scottish TV and Grampian TV (now both known as STV). 
Chernin has donated over $100,000 to the Democratic Party, candidates & associated organizations, as well as hosting Barack Obama at his home for a fundraiser in 2013. 
Komlan Mally (born December 12, 1960) is a Togolese politician who served as Prime Minister of Togo from December 2007 to September 2008. 
It has also seen major changes in the way scientific research is conducted and its results publicized, with open science initiatives allowing knowledge creation to occur well outside the traditional environment of the laboratory. 
Cable Newspaper Ltd was established on November 29, 2011. 
The Tundra is a bulk carrier. 
Several species have been named since 2000: the type species X. suni along with the species X. bamaolinensis and X. kohi. 
The aircraft made its inaugural flight on 1 July 1930 and was flown for the next 18 months, but after Ford proved unable to provide the authorities with blue prints and technical specifications, it was mothballed in 1933. 
The MONA or Hodges number for Neogrotella confusa is 11231. 
Western Bank Ltd v Pretorius is an important case in South African law, particularly in the area of civil procedure. 
Phrissolaus inspersus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Phrissolaus. 
Raphistemma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1831. 
Rist retired at the end of the 2014 school year and was succeeded by John M. Vaccarezza, who is the current principal. 
Newtown Friends has two sections of sixteen to eighteen students at every grade level, except prekindergarten, which is one section of fourteen to sixteen students. 
This album includes the single "Te Amo", which peaked at number-one in the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart. 
The bill would amend the Presidential Records Act to preserve Twitter posts and other social media interactions of the president of the United States, and to require the National Archives to store such items. 
It is located in the borough of Amsterdam-Oost. 
It has a News/Talk format, and broadcasts on 1540 kHz and 104.5 MHz. 
In 2009, Extraordinary Machine was named the 49th best album of the 2000s by Rolling Stone magazine. 
The Arnhem sheath-tailed bat, (Taphozous kapalgensis) is a species of sheath-tailed bat in the family Emballonuridae. 
In 1930 the Columbia Pike Library opened with support from the Arlington Community Library Club. 
Thromboxane A2 synthesis is the target of the drug aspirin, which inhibits the COX-1 enzyme (the source of thromboxane A2 in platelets). 
Vannucchi began songwriting in a small mountain town near Yosemite National Park and later enlisted the help of friends to perform his material. 
The last player to have a spaceship left would be the winner. 
After serving as superintendent of the state penitentiary, he was elected State Auditor in 1864 and 1866. 
The South Australian Railways D class was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives operated by the South Australian Railways. 
Suggestions as to the origin of the name gaita are many. 
This is not the case with collaborative law where a breakdown in roundtable negotiations requires each party to instruct a new family lawyer before proceeding with court action. 
The body louse has the smallest genome of any known insect; it has been used as a model organism and has been the subject of much research. 
The beta versions released were largely done through the efforts of volunteer developers. 
A television program of the same name ran for two seasons on the Showtime cable network between June 2007 and May 2008. 
Veneer Magazine is a subscription-based art publication. 
He returned to the Jets in 2014 for one final season, and played his 300th NBL game on May 3 in a win over the Canterbury Rams. 
It was recorded at the Oslo Spektrum, Oslo on 4 December 2010; which was initially planned to be their final concert before their eventual reunion in 2015. 
The Curse of the Black Pearl were conceived in 2004, with Elliott and Rossio developing a story arc that would span both films. 
Before launching his own line, he designed for Marc by Marc Jacobs, and Cristiano Ronaldo for two labels, for underwear and socks from 2013 and then for shirts from 2014.In 2008, he released a capsule line under Target's Go International. 
The race took place on May 1, 1971. 
Luo Points are points where a meridian exits off from the main flow and connects with the Yin/Yang paired meridian. 
The National Park Service celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2016. 
The NWA: San Francisco version of the championship was abandoned in when promoter Joe Malcevicz closed his promotion in 1962.In 1961 Roy Shire started a rival wrestling promotion in San Francisco called Big Time Wrestling, in direct competition with NWA: San Francisco. 
SuperBrawl IX was the ninth SuperBrawl professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW). 
His radio comedy series Hut 33 about Bletchley Park boffins, starring Robert Bathurst and Olivia Colman, ran for three series. 
The episode is divided into three segments corresponding to each Belcher child's report: Louise's (Kristen Schaal), a Terminator-inspired science fiction story; Gene's (Eugene Mirman), a musical act parodying Rock 'n' Roll High School; and Tina's (Dan Mintz), a piece of zombie "friend fiction" which pays homage to Night of the Living Dead. 
Tmesisternus bolanicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
The Junkers L88 was Junkers' first geared V-12 engine, appearing c.1930 and based on a pair of 6-cylinder L8s. 
On 3 March 2009, investigators found 427 unidentified bodies at a ditch in the mine. 
He remained active within Unite, the trade union. 
The U.S. grades and paves the road from Kabul to Peshawar (Pakistan) and is building another road, costing more than $30,000,000, from Kabul to Kandahar and thence to the Pakistan border. 
Featuring a more modern design with cabin pressurization, the 240 series made some inroads as a commercial airliner, and had a long development cycle that produced various civil and military variants. 
Cheikha Rabia is an Algerian singer born in Relizane (near Oran) in Algeria. 
The bay is shoal, and sheltered from the wind by Mangarin Point to the east and by Ilin Island. 
Missing Daughters is a 19399 American action film, directed by Charles C. Coleman. 
The warning serves as a reminder to the driver of this potential problem. 
Reduction of the carrier level permits higher power levels in the sidebands than would be possible with conventional AM transmission. 
A metric prefix is a unit prefix that precedes a basic unit of measure to indicate a multiple or fraction of the unit. 
The only change to the lyrics was exactly that: the phrase "Let's get together" in place of "C'mon everybody". 
It shows the whole Mediterranean, the Black Sea and a part of the atlantic coast, from the north of present-day Morocco (down to roughly the 33rd parallel north, with the town of Azemmour) to the present-day Netherlands, but the accuracy of the map is mostly limited to the Mediterranean. 
Redbox kiosks feature the company's signature red color and are located at convenience stores, fast food restaurants, grocery stores, mass retailers, and pharmacies. 
Will No Longer Be Loved III was the subject of Derren Brown's Channel 4 special, The Great Art Robbery. 
Milliken Creek is a stream in Dodge County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota. 
It also features a branch campus in Center City, Philadelphia. 
The city was partly excavated by the Japanese archeologist Count Otani. 
He was succeeded by Biodun Ogunbiyi, who criticized Useni's poor leadership which failed to win any seats in the Senate or House of Representatives in the April 2007 elections. 
Built in 1810-11, it is a fine example of a Federal-style duplex, built for a local craftsman, and one of a modest number of such houses to survive a devastating fire in 1813. 
His work has been screened at dozens of film festivals and televised around the world, notably seven of his films have appeared on PBS's American Experience series and four of his films have premiered at the Sundance Film Festival (including Closing Night Film in 2009). 
The band released their debut album Prepare & Assemble in the form of album sunglasses. 
Boardman Township is a civil township of Kalkaska County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 
Nolan would be asked to leave the band shortly before the release of the album and would be replaced by Lee Pomeroy. 
LeRoy Gardner III (born February 4, 1981 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) was an American amateur wrestler. 
The album spawned three singles, "Bette Davis Eyes", "Draw of the Cards" and the title track, which peaked at #1, #28 and #60 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, respectively. 
It originated in France by Volvic in 1966 and initially distributed under the name 'Pulse', until flagging sales led to a rebrand and its current name 'Oasis' being introduced. 
The Glendale Ridge Archeological Site (12 Da 86) is an archeological site located near Hudsonville in Indiana, United States. 
He was first elected in 2013, becoming the city's youngest councilor. 
KAAY is a 50,000 watt clear-channel Class A radio station. 
In September 2003, shortly before the 2004 election, the AEB merged with two likeminded parties, the Conservative Party and the Freedom Front, to form a new party known as the Freedom Front Plus (FF +), which went on to win 4 parliamentary seats. 
In 1964, it was the launching point of the first American tour of The Rolling Stones. 
It was founded in 1995 by Madhya Pradesh Cancer Chikitsa Evam Seva Samiti (meaning: Madhya Pradesh Cancer Treatment and Service Society). 
JDS Hatsuyuki (DD-122) was the lead ship of the Hatsuyuki-class destroyers. 
Gisilia sclerodes is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family. 
He is currently Professor of Sociology and Leverhulme research fellow at Essex University. 
The destroyer escort's keel was laid down by Consolidated Steel Corp. at their yard in Orange, Texas on 24 January 1944. 
Ebenezer Joseph Tettley "Ben" Kudjodji (born 23 April 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker. 
Jeffrey Holdaway, in the New Zealand Art Monthly, said that both books start out as "normal fairytales but slowly become stranger", and that they contain layers of symbolism similar to that of Lewis Carroll's work. 
It is only known from Kashmir (described from Gulmarg). 
He remains a member and funded the synagogue's restoration in the 1990s. 
Since 2005 they have produced and performed together, releasing numerous trance songs and remixes on a wide variety of labels. 
He completed his schooling from Delhi Public School, Delhi and his graduation from The Hindu College, Delhi. 
Parliamentary elections were held in Portugal on 9 July 1871. 
It is found in semi-arid and arid habitats, including the Kalahari Desert and the Namib Desert. 
The album was released to celebrate 5th anniversary of their debut. 
The championship began on 12 May 1901 and ended on 26 October 1902. 
He began his career in New York City working as an assistant to Tharon Musser. 
Sorbus velebitica is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae. 
The halo of the Madonna bears the Shahada written backwards. 
The Chief Minister of Sikkim, an east Indian state, is the head of the Government of Sikkim. 
Its main purpose was to prevent Union supporters of the Creek Nation, led by Opothleyahola from fleeing Indian Territory to the protection of Union forces in Kansas. 
Iambiodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. 
Stating that its uninterrupted playlists are handmade by music experts and many of them are updated weekly, the service will recommend its users on various playlists mainly based on mood or activity. 
H. James Shea Jr. (c. 1940-1970) was an American politician. 
The processes of egg taphonomy begin when the egg either hatches or dies. 
Most keys have 5 cuts from bow to tip. 
Please avoid sending straight-forward genre material, I only list these as an example of the general vicinities that might interest me. 
The 2003 CECAFA Cup was the 27th edition of the CECAFA Cup, which involves teams from Southern and Central Africa. 
Premasinghe made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. 
The Conservatives had 6 net gains and took control of the council, which had previously been no overall control, with a majority of just 2. 
In color theory, a color scheme is the choice of colors used in design for a range of media. 
Elastic scattering is a form of particle scattering in scattering theory, nuclear physics and particle physics. 
Tytthaspis are a genus of ladybird beetles. 
Simon Butler was an important historical figure in the history of Chalfont, Pennsylvania during the 18th century. 
Trigeminal autonomic cephalalgia (TAC) is the name for a type of primary headache that occurs with pain on one side of the head in the trigeminal nerve area and symptoms in autonomic systems on the same side, such as eye watering and redness or drooping eyelids. 
Michael Falkesgaard (born 9 April 1991) is a Filipino footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Bangkok United in the Thai League 1 and the Philippines national team. 
The company is privately-held and based in Chattanooga, Tennessee. 
Depending on the application, fiber may be used because of its small size, or because no electrical power is needed at the remote location, or because many sensors can be multiplexed along the length of a fiber by using light wavelength shift for each sensor, or by sensing the time delay as light passes along the fiber through each sensor. 
Inhabitants of Outriaz are called Triolins. 
The Springwell Danish Cemetery is located at 6326 Hartman Avenue in North Omaha, Nebraska. 
Helga Kohl is a photographer born in Poland and based in Namibia whose work explores abandoned diamond mine towns in Namibia. 
William Shelton (1869-1938) was the last hereditary chief of the Snohomish in Tulalip, Washington. 
Lombricine kinase (EC 2.7.3.5), an annelid-specific enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate from ATP to lombricine. 
James Lang (born 4 April 1995) is a Scotland international rugby union player. 
Sisurcana is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae. 
He transferred to Leicester City in February 1990. 
He was also an LDS Chaplain during the Korean War. 
It followed America a Prophecy of 1793. 
The university also offers online degrees through the Division of Adult Learning. 
The White Doe or The Doe in the Woods is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy. 
The Penang Po Leung Kuk was the first Anglo-Chinese welfare organization in Penang dedicated to protecting Chinese female immigrants from exploitation and sexploitation. 
As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,929 and it contained 1,713 housing units. 
East Garafraxa is a rural township in Dufferin County, Ontario, Canada, to the west of Orangeville and within relative commuting distance of Toronto, Brampton, Guelph, and Kitchener. 
The song was written by bassist Ethan Mentzer. 
Carl Robin Geary, Sr, was elected mayor of Tracy City, Tennessee on April 13, 2010. 
John received his early education at Mr Mundell's school in Edinburgh and was admitted an advocate on 24 July 1753 at the age of twenty-seven. 
He currently plays for Ohio Aviators in the US PRO Rugby competitionHe previously played with Zebre in the Pro12. 
The tea is grown in the northern and eastern districts, the highlands, temperate climate, humidity and heavy rainfall within these districts provide a favorable ground for the production of high-quality tea. 
Freeze drying (or lyophilization) removes water from the ice cream by lowering the air pressure to a point where ice sublimates from a solid to a gas. 
ThreeSixty is Hong Kong's largest retailer of natural foods and organic foods. 
He previously served as the Mayor of Provo, Utah (2010-2017). 
As of December 2017, Carvalho is tied with Alexander Shlemenko for most title defenses in the divisions' history. 
Nachthymnen (From the Twilight Kingdom) is the second studio album release by Black metal band Abigor. 
There are several other interconnections with local and out-of-state utilities, such as Path 46. 
Depending on the severity of the jaw's dislocation, pain relief such as paracetamol may assist to alleviate the initial chronic pain. 
Leaveism (leavism) is a term first coined in 2013 by Dr Ian Hesketh, a researcher at Lancaster University Management School in the UK, to describe the phenomena of employees using flexitime, annual leave, rest days and other leave entitlement schemes to have time off when they are in fact too unwell to go to work. 
On July 6, 2016, Yale announced that Bailyn would become the first head of the new Benjamin Franklin College, which opened in 2017. 
The Old Colony Rail Trail is a paved rail trail located in Harwich and Chatham, Massachusetts. 
He is patron saint of Rieti. 
Hear the Music is the third album by the pop rock duo England Dan & John Ford Coley. 
It reopened in 1815 and was later acquired by impresario Giuseppe Camploy in 1819. 
Pan is an 1894 novel by Norwegian author Knut Hamsun. 
She also had a role in the musical The Toxic Avenger (musical) for which she received positive reviews. 
The Motown Freeman brothers had no connection to another band led by Rogers Freeman ex-Joey Dee and the Starliters. 
The journal was established in 1975 and is published by the National Herbarium of New South Wales, Royal Botanic Gardens & Domain Trust. 
The Houston Journal of International Law (HJIL) is a triannual student-edited law journal published by the University of Houston Law Center. 
It was invented by a collaborative team of wiki enthusiasts, including Ward Cunningham, Jack Herrick, and many others. 
However he was unable to retain his place, his season culminating in a 10-5 defeat to Lee Spick in the first qualifying round of the World Championship. 
In 1837, the Lexington switched to the route between New York and Stonington, Connecticut, the terminus of the newly built railroad from Boston. 
After Marcuse is an Australian TV movie about a woman who has an affair with a younger man who jeopardizes her marriage, her career and her child's future. 
Poorna Market is a famous market in Visakhapatnam,Andhra Pradesh, India. 
David Hugh Segal (born 20 March 1937) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the sprints. 
The taxon was located within Dsungaripteroidea (sensu Kellner), which included Azhdarchoidea, Dsungaripteridae, and Pteranodontoidea, all of which were mostly dissolved due to the few remains known from Linlongopterus. 
The Daily Telegraph newspaper has described the organization as "the modernizing wing of the Tory party" and the ConservativeHome website has described it as "a deep intellectual gene pool for the Conservative Party's future". 
Mora is a South American drink consisting of blackberry juice, water and sugar. 
Ganda is a town and municipality in Benguela Province in Angola. 
All of the talks are streamed online to further promote ideas that stand behind the conference and also to give people around the World to tune in and leave their opinions about these topics. 
The 40th Annual ASIFA-East Animation Festival was in 2009. 
In these cases, occasionally, a fictional actor appears. 
The Laboratory influenced numerous computer graphic, mapping and architectural systems such as Intergraph, Computervision, and Esri. 
Performance management (PM) includes activities which ensure that goals are consistently being met in an effective and efficient manner. 
The delegation included two track and field athletes: Hassan Saaid and Afa Ismail, as well as swimmers Ibrahim Nishwan and Aminath Shajan. 
Mary Matha Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Theni district, Tamil Nadu, India, providing both elementary and secondary education. 
The medal is currently possessed by the Boston Public Library. 
Despite being produced and distributed for profit by No Idea Records, the album is released under the creative commons. 
Howard Dean was a Governor of Vermont, candidate for President of the United States, and Chairman of the Democratic National Committee. 
Schroeppel is located in the southeast part of the county. 
However, the AS-C has non-proneural functions, such as specifying muscle and gut progenitors. 
Starting his music career in 2013, he released multiple songs independently and through labels such as Monstercat, Foreign Family Collective and bitbird. 
Cardew House, a 16th-century farmhouse built for the Denton family, is a country house of note and Cardew Lodge, a hunting lodge built for Major General William Henry Lowther, is a country house built in the style of an Indian bungalow. 
Brennan co-designed the Brennan-Schwartz interest rate model and was a pioneer of real options theory. 
Computer Space forum is a yearly computer art festivals, organized by the Student Computer Art Society (SCAS) in Sofia, Bulgaria. 
He also co-wrote the popular comedy drama, Brass with Coronation Street scriptwriter, Julian Roach in the 1980s and more recently scripted the sitcom, Mother's Ruin, starring Roy Barraclough. 
The Georgia State Panthers represent the NCAA Division I sports teams of Georgia State University. 
However LaRose is reported to have found Damache much less impressive in person, and to have tried to tip off the FBI herself, thinking they would pay to return her to the USA. 
A partial dislocation is referred to as a subluxation. 
Bennett was a Collegians footballer, who spent most of his time with Hawthorn in the reserves, due to the strength of the senior team. 
Occasionally it is also used in corporate accounts. 
The Science of Good and Evil: Why People Cheat, Gossip, Care, Share, and Follow the Golden Rule is a 2004 book by Michael Shermer on ethics and evolutionary psychology. 
Sergeant Henderson was awarded his medal on 23 November 1912, for the same action as Lieutenant Archie Miller. 
Obsessed is a 1959 romantic DeLuxe Color drama film in CinemaScope about the hardships faced by a widow and her eight-year-old son on a rugged Canadian ranch. 
Despite widespread general use in English and French, the term cardboard is deprecated in commerce and industry as not adequately defining a specific product. 
The Liberal Party led by John Kent won the election and Kent served as Newfoundland's premier. 
She holds the Michigan Wolverines women's basketball single-season record with 156 assists during the 1987-88 season. 
IFMA's global headquarters, called the Service Center of Excellence, is located in Houston, Texas and led by President and CEO Tony Keane, CAE. 
Shammer is a small village beside the village of Kilkelly in County Mayo, Ireland. 
The Pusher films by Danish film director Nicolas Winding Refn illustrate and explore the criminal underworld of Copenhagen. 
In 2005, he had to quit the post of Rector, when he was indicted on bribery charges. 
This procedure ensures the sanctity of the Constitution of India and keeps a check on arbitrary power of the Parliament of India. 
This is explained by an array of factors, some of which involve regional problems. 
Adbusters has been a significant outlet for these ideas, especially in its commitment to detournement and culture jamming. 
The schoolhouse is the best-preserved of Charlestown's eight 19th-century schoolhouses, and is now maintained by the Charlestown Historical Society. 
He guest starred in the series finale briefly, during the last musical number of the series. 
From 2002 the editors adapted it into a bimonthly journal. 
It is one of the most invasive weeds known, having spread out to a world-wide distribution in tropical and temperate regions. 
This was the shortest-lived cabinet in the history of the Italian Republic. 
Therefore, by using enzymes to break down glucose, bio-batteries directly receive energy from glucose. 
The film was later released on DVD as both Reactor and War of the Robots. 
Since the outbreak of the disease the sufferers were often thought to suffer from psychiatric disorder such as hysteria. 
Gossard was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pearl Jam on April 7, 2017. 
The canton of Agen-1 is an administrative division of the Lot-et-Garonne department, southwestern France. 
He was, until reconstitution in 2006, one of the UUP representatives on the Northern Ireland Policing Board. 
Other causes of myonecrosis include envenomation by snakes of the genus Bothrops (family Viperidae), ischemic necrosis, caused by vascular blockage (e.g., diabetes type II), tumors that block or hoard blood supply, and disseminated intravascular coagulation or other thromboses. 
The specials were produced like standard variety shows of the time: on videotape and with a laugh track. 
He was recalled to the senior team in Round 12 and played out the rest of the season. 
Salem Township is one of the twelve townships of Champaign County, Ohio, United States. 
Great Northern, along with sister ship Northern Pacific, were built to provide a passenger and freight link by sea between the northern transcontinental rail lines via the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway terminal at Astoria, Oregon and San Francisco beginning in spring of 1915. 
To make ends meet, the WCTU had to rent out not only the office space but to go into the function hall business, using the public space. 
According to Thomas Rudd, Gaap is opposed by the Shemhamphorasch angel Ieuiah. 
Belgharia High School is one of the oldest school in Belgharia suburb of Kolkata. 
It was one of the earliest looping roller coasters in the United States. 
This is an annual herb producing decumbent, creeping, spreading, or upright branched stems up to 40 centimeters long. 
In 2013 Bitcasa moved to a tiered storage model, offering from 1TB for $99/year up to Infinite for $999/year. 
It was the first postwar conference pitting the victorious Allies of the west against the Soviet Union and its allied states of Eastern Europe in which the latter held a majority and were expected to win all points of disagreement between the two sides. 
Government Polytechnic, Panaji offers diploma programs in engineering and technology that cater to the changing needs of industry, business and community at large using need based curricular delivered in a dynamic learning environment. 
CKIS-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 92.5 MHz in Toronto, Ontario. 
Possibly built on the site of a Saxon church, construction of the present building began in the 13th-century with additions in the 15th-century and later. 
If the Naiste Meistriliiga champions also won the Estonian Cup then the cup runners-up provide the opposition. 
Other absentees were the entire Eastern Bloc, including most of the usual medal candidates. 
Until 2017 it was the only species of the genus Oristicta. 
Horsemonger Lane Jail (also known as the Surrey County Jail or the New Jail) was a prison close to present-day Newington Causeway in Southwark, south London. 
The Atlanta Center is an office skyscraper in San Juan, Metro Manila, Philippines. 
Queensberry took part in a tour of Europe as the opening act of the Doll Domination Tour with the Pussycat Dolls and Lady Gaga that started on 9 February 2009 and ended on 23 February 23, 2009. 
The University of Dhaka, established in 1921, acted as the driving force in producing many renowned scientists in Bangladesh. 
The museum opens Tuesday to Saturday all year round and from Easter to the end of September is also open on Sunday and Bank Holiday afternoons. 
However, this season was also unique in that included a separate "B-Class" classification for drivers using the previous season's March chassis. 
After Lesher's death, Lesher Newspapers, Inc. sold the paper to U.S. Media, which then sold it to Pacific Sierra Publishing. 
The coastline offers a beach a day for a fortnight and is one of the special attractions of this area. 
The mission of W.R.L.I.S was "to make Round Lake desirable and attractive as a place of residence and in all ways to study to keep pace with the progressive spirit of the age." 
He was eventually named President of the PC Party. 
Jonah 4 is the fourth (and the last) chapter of the Book of Jonah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. 
DNA-binding protein RFX5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RFX5 gene. 
1998 Arab Super Cup was an international club competition played by the winners and runners up of the Arab Club Champions Cup and Arab Cup Winners' Cup. 
The third season of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend premiered on The CW on October 13, 2017 and ran for 13 episodes until February 16, 2018. 
The role of Warden Sutter in the original script was a man. 
The Buddha Statue of Hyderabad is a monolith located in India. 
He attended Leeds University, before moving to study at RADA from 2002 to 2005, where he obtained an Acting RADA diploma and a BASSC Certificate in stage combat (RADA Best Armed Fight). 
In 2008 he founded the company with Bas Lansdorp. 
Valley Railroad Bridge is a historic limestone arch bridge located over Gish Branch at Salem, Virginia. 
Indeed, "Nobody saw anything" is downward entailing and admits the negative polarity item anything, while * "I saw anything" is ungrammatical (the upward entailing context does not license such a polarity item). 
The film stars Luis Caballero and Miguel Angel Mamani as two half-brothers of mixed race who find themselves in a sprint to the Bolivia-Chile border. 
The North Avenue Irregulars is a 1979 American comedy crime film produced by Walt Disney Productions, distributed by Buena Vista Distribution Company, and starring Edward Herrmann, Barbara Harris, Karen Valentine and Susan Clark. 
He was President of Bidi Kamgar sangh 1941-44. 
Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone novels created by Robert B. Parker, the film is about the retired police chief of a small New England town who investigates the suspicious death of a young friend while the police force deals with the arrogant new police chief who is the son-in-law of a town councilman. 
It is the seventh and final film in the series of television adaptations of William Shakespeare's history plays produced by Sam Mendes for BBC Two under the title The Hollow Crown. 
Terese Pencak Schwartz (born in Wildflecken, Germany) is an American writer, historian, publicist and fine art photographer, who studied journalism and communication arts at the Michigan State University. 
It has formerly been treated as a subfamily of Gelechiidae, but is now recognized as a separate family, comprising about 2300 species worldwide. 
Keith Urban (also known as Keith Urban II) is the second studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban. 
China Power Investment Corporation was the parent company of 4 listed companies, China Power International Development, China Power New Energy Development (later shared with China Three Gorges Corporation as joint significant shareholder), Shanghai Electric Power and Yuanda Environmental Protection. 
The journal covers research related to optoelectronics, laser science, imaging, communications, and other aspects of photonics and was established in January 2007. 
Bradley William Muster (born April 11, 1965) is a former American football fullback. 
The service delivers software updates for Windows, as well as the various Microsoft antivirus products, including Windows Defender and Microsoft Security Essentials. 
Splines are ridges or teeth on a drive shaft that mesh with grooves in a mating piece and transfer torque to it, maintaining the angular correspondence between them. 
Del Rio is an intermodal transportation center in Del Rio, Texas, United States served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system, as well as by local bus service. 
It is endemic to Liberty County, Florida, where it is known from about ten populations. 
Siyar Bahadurzada (born April 17, 1984) is an Afghan-born Dutch mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. 
McLeod School was built in 1882 on N 27-14-1W (near the present day village of Argyle, Manitoba) and named after Dugald McLeod, councilor of Ward 6 and one of the earliest residents to the area. 
The Erie Sailors was the name of several minor league baseball teams that played in Erie, Pennsylvania between 1906 and 1994. 
He reached number 16 in world rankings and number 2 in the UK. 
Filippo Agomeri Antonelli (born 13 July 1978) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a midfielder. 
Devine was controversially sacked at the end of the 2013 season. 
Holland Landing is a village in the town of East Gwillimbury, located in the northern part of the Regional Municipality of York, in south-central Ontario, Canada. 
The fifth Baronet represented Gloucestershire in Parliament. 
A century in cricket occurs when a batsman scores 100 runs or more in an innings, 72 New Zealand players have scored centuries in Test matches. 
Broadhalfpenny Down was abandoned in favor of Windmill Down and the earliest known mention of cricket in Lancashire has been found. 
Whitestone School is a member of the Association of Trust Schools (ATS) and the Head is a member of the Conference of Heads of Independent Schools in Zimbabwe (CHISZ). 
Lamellasia is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family. 
In September 2014, the club confirmed Jos van Dijk succeeded Strudwick as Manchester United's first-team fitness coach. 
Galfar employs over 23,000 workers, only in Oman, with more than 7,000 different kinds of plant and equipment. 
Like Aussie Rules Footy, the game was distributed exclusively by Mattel's Australian operation. 
Unfortunately, when he returned home and tried to make a living selling hammocks, he ended up in huge debt. 
He played in the National Professional Soccer League, USL A-League, USL Premier Development League, and Canadian Professional Soccer League. 
It has only recently been introduced in North America and Europe as an addition to henna body art, also called mehendi, mehandi, or mehndi in India. 
Guests include Alison Krauss, Marty Stuart and dobro virtuso Rob Ickes. 
It is the oldest surviving Italianate-style commercial buildings in the commercial core area of Carson City. 
The species is endemic to southern Iran. 
The team has been playing in international youth tournaments since 1979 but have only participated in one U-19 World Cup in 2000. 
New Jersey, and the New York Metropolitan area, also has a significant population of Filipinos. 
Other recurring characters included Tex Taylor, Arizona Annie, the Apache Kid, and the Ringo Kid. 
Contenders is a 14-program series that was produced and aired by C-SPAN in the fall of 2011. 
Selva is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero Province in Argentina. 
It was the first time a lottery system had been used to select men for military service since 1942. 
Kimber James (born April 2, 1988 in Miami, Florida, United States) is an American former pornographic actor. 
The original ending (Franco's cavalry entry in the village, intentionally showed as a blurred image) was cut by Spanish censorship of that time. 
He did his PhD at the Indian Institute of Science. 
The flight pack is different to other man portable flight packs in that it uses jets attached to the hands and feet. 
The Inland Valley Daily Bulletin is a paid daily newspaper based in Rancho Cucamonga, California, serving the Pomona Valley and southwest San Bernardino County region. 
The Visonic Group (TASE:VSC.TA) was established in 1973 by Moshe and Yaacov Kotlicki. 
Glandularia pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common name South American mock vervain. 
In Morocco, The National Control Commission for the Protection of Personal Data (CNDP) was established by Law No. 09-08 Act of February 18, 2009, on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data. 
A post office called Max was established in 1912, and remained in operation until 1954. 
Although none of the LP's tracks made the Hot 100, one of the cuts, "Beat the Street", made it to #41 on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart. 
Sulong Zambales Party is the ruling political party in Zambales, Philippines, founded by incumbent Zambales Governor Hermogenes Ebdane in 2012. 
It was released on October 25, 2011 after a long period of silence from both publishers and after being delayed indefinitely in March 2011.It was announced by Spellbound and JoWooD on December 9, 2010. 
He is considered a martyr for the faith by the Catholic Church, which has beatified him. 
The group, currently, has a total of 36 released singles, 9 studio albums, one mini album, and fifteen DVD releases. 
The Harvey Islands are two islands in the west part of Freeth Bay, Enderby Land, Antarctica. 
Everybody's in Show-Biz, which was released on 25 August 1972, in the US and on 1 September in the UK. 
One woman also ran for president, Elia Ravelomanantsoa. 
These wins foreshadowed the end of the European dominance of professional cycle racing. 
Clara A. Swain (18 July 1834 - 25 December 1910) was a physician and missionary of the Methodist Episcopal Church. 
As of 2015 the province has 127 prisons and detention houses. 
Several members of the band were also in New Musik, and the band's line-up consisted of Straker along with Tony Mansfield, Tony Hibbert, David McShera, Pete Hammond and Phil Towner. 
Due south is Ramsden. 
Oscar S. Paulson (December 12, 1889- ) was an American Lutheran minister who served in the Wisconsin State Senate. 
These would include possession by the devil; a plummet from a 30-story-window (which she survived); being used as a surrogate for genetically engineered babies, Rex and Cassie, during a four-year coma, where she was presumed dead after being involved in a plane crash; being mind-controlled to believe she was a serial killer; and becoming pregnant late in life and suffering a miscarriage, which caused her to have hysterical amnesia. 
From 1933 the Europa brand of cheap imported petrol from the Soviet Union was sold through a chain of service stations across the country, in association with the New Zealand Farmer's Union and various regional Automobile Associations. 
Observance is determined by whether the lunar calendar is being following or the solar calendar. 
It was begun in 1802 by the infantry officer William Lambton, under the auspices of the East India Company. 
They are usually, a mix of seasoned internationals, and promising youngsters. 
The 2017 Charlotte mayoral election took place on Tuesday, November 7, 2017. 
Halabhavi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. 
The film features Anand Babu and Shamili in lead roles, with Udhayan, newcomer Subisha, Dharani, Uday Prakash, Senthil, Chinni Jayanth and Vivek playing supporting roles. 
The story follows the historical events that made her the last Duchess of independent Brittany and twice-crowned queen of France. 
For several years he was associated with Yeastculture, a group of filmmakers and video artists that made music videos for live stage shows and for art installations as well as TV documentaries. 
He is best known for winning the Stanley Cup as a member of the Red Wings in both 1997 and 1998. 
Since 16 October 2007 he has been Minister of the Interior of the state of Bavaria. 
Ten events returned from the 2015 schedule and two were added. 
Mo Yaqub (born 7 January 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Cowdenbeath, as a defender. 
The college hosts two major sporting events each year, namely the Old Petrian's Open Girls Water Polo Tournament in February where 24 of the top girls' water polo teams from Southern African schools compete; and the Annual Sports and Cultural Festival in September which attracts over 3,500 school children to participate in various sporting and cultural codes. 
Eilema prabhasana is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. 
He was educated at Hampton School along with Johnny and Greg Searle and then St Catherine's College, Oxford, where he stroked the dark blue boat to victory in the 1991 Boat Race. 
Split 7inch is a split EP by Dropkick Murphys and The Ducky Boys. 
It is found in Spain, France, Albania, the Republic of Macedonia, Bulgaria and Turkey and on Sardinia and Corsica. 
Integrated Overhead SIGINT Architecture, or IOSA, incorrectly reported to be codenamed Intruder, was a spy satellite system to be operated by the United States National Reconnaissance Office, which would have replaced the Mentor and Mercury systems. 
The cornerstone for the new hospital was laid on 18 August 1859 by the Cape Governor Sir George Gray. 
Sodium/potassium-transporting ATPase subunit alpha-4 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the ATP1A4 gene. 
He is also a former American professional baseball pitcher. 
Utkal Bharat is a political party in Odisha, India. 
In 1974, Pure Funk had changed its name to Roadmaster. 
A certain amount also migrated as muhajirs in the 19th century to Iran, following the Russian conquest of the Caucasus. 
Graeme Robert Ballard (born 16 June 1979) is an English Paralympian athlete with cerebral palsy, who competes mainly in category T36 sprint events. 
The film stars Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla and Jackie Shroff. 
The 148th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Southeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2013 by Mary Jo Daley. 
He has been involved in the cooperative world. 
Producer Sig Shore directed a second sequel, The Return of Superfly, released in 1990, with Nathan Purdee as Priest. 
A dwelling typically includes nearby outbuildings, sheds, etc. 
"More Than This" was shelved until 2011, when it was finally released independently by David Hodges' Sleepwalker Records. 
The extent and causes of the decline have long been a subject of academic debate, along with its characterization as a genocide. 
LUX is also associated with circadian control of hypocotyl growth factor genes PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR 4 (PIF4) and PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR 5 (PIF5). 
He joined Shamrock Rovers from Stella Maris in 1993 and made his debut on 3 April 1994 as Rovers sealed their 15th League Championship [3]. 
NWO directs the 300 million budget toward Dutch universities and institutes, often on a project basis. 
The men's flyweight event was part of the boxing program at the 1928 Summer Olympics. 
Caitlin Kittredge (born September 1984) is an American author and comic book writer of dark fantasy and urban fantasy noir. 
Professor B N Pandey is the Principal incharge of the College. 
That is, the light we do see almost always seems to be set against darkness, or occasionally against white, these momentary flickers that materialize tenuously out of emptiness. 
A theater, theater or playhouse, is a structure where theatrical works or plays are performed, or other performances such as musical concerts may be produced. 
Kinect Sports is a sports video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360. 
On was released on the independent label Atomic Pop. 
Rockville is a village in the town of Hopkinton, Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. 
It is based on the novel Nostromo by Joseph Conrad. 
Originally associated with the folk-pop genre, she has performed vocal jazz on her more recent albums. 
This greatly expanded and altered the original work, focusing more on the animals' preparations for the Ball. 
The World University Baseball Championship is an under-23 international college baseball competition sponsored by the International University Sports Federation (FISU) and was first held in 2002 in Italy. 
Portrait in Jazz is an album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1960. 
The school has two separate divisions: a Boys Division, and a Girls Division. 
In 1998, Thunder Force V was ported to the PlayStation in released as Thunder Force V: Perfect System. 
Paul Martin was a German bobsledder. 
La Lanterne magique is the title of a former French 19th-century weekly, published on saturdays. 
Consisting of 46 quatrains of Alexandrine verses, and a re-editing process started in 1874 and completed in 1875, it is the fruit of a labor started in 1883. 
Since suppression of the protein is associated with accelerated apoptosis, it is also suggested to have an important cytoprotective role in hypoxia-induced cellular perturbation. 
A number of backgrounds were found in Canaima National Park in Venezuela; various tepuis and Angel Falls also appear in the film. 
In 2003, after meeting with FSF founder Richard Stallman, the President of India Dr. Abdul Kalam urged Indian computer scientists and professionals to use free and open-source software in research and development. 
Scotch Bonnet Records releases many of the Mungo's Hi Fi releases and recordings and has released their latest album Serious Time on 2 June 2014. 
Morgan Hill is a city in Santa Clara County, California, at the southern tip of Silicon Valley, in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
On 24 February 2018, she was elected leader of the Feminist Initiative, along with its founder Gudrun Schyman. 
He is a co-founder, with his wife Juliet Starrett, of the fitness website MobilityWOD. 
This pattern of low dose reaction is not generally accepted by toxicologists. 
The dust generated by the process was bad for the grinder's health, and many of them died young from 'grinder's disease'. 
At club level Dunne is a two-time Munster medalist with Toomevara. 
The existence of mesoscale eddies were predicted by Henry Stommel in the 1960s, but there was no way to observe them with traditional sampling methods. 
Vince Eyma, otherwise known as Vince Valholla and formally known as Vince The Prince, is a Haitian American record producer, arranger, manager, and entrepreneur. 
Among other features, there are spoken articles, "showcased" articles and provincial portals. 
It was based in Derby, Connecticut. 
As at 11 June 2009, of the 1111 Olympians to that date, 114 were deceased and the whereabouts of 21 were unknown. 
Already qualified for the event are hosts Serbia, Hungary, Italy and Russia. 
For example, in papers reporting on human subjects, typically a table is included giving the overall sample size, sample sizes in important subgroups (e.g., for each treatment or exposure group), and demographic or clinical characteristics such as the average age, the proportion of subjects of each sex, the proportion of subjects with related comorbidities, etc. 
It is the thirteenth event of sixteen in the 2018 Supercars Championship and was Race 25 of the season. 
The lead track is an edited version of the song of the same name, which is available on A Line of Deathless Kings. 
The aircraft was planned to be supplied as a kit for amateur construction. 
These changes are called degradation. 
Several tracks on Blue Afternoon are songs Buckley had intended to record on earlier albums but had not completed. 
The group's discography comprises seven studio albums (which includes 1 Christmas album) and 19 singles, not counting guest appearances or digital-only releases. 
The Paper Dolls were a late 1960s British female vocal trio, from Northampton, comprising lead vocalist Susie 'Tiger' Mathis, Pauline 'Spyder' Bennett and Sue 'Copper' Marshall. 
All Member States were urged to positively consider requests from the Secretary-General for assistance to be provided to UNPREDEP, requesting the Secretary-General to report by 30 September 1996 on the situation in the country and the strength and mandate of UNPREDEP. 
She describes how this has made user-generated social media much more viable than it could otherwise have been, but on the other hand, it has left platforms without a framework or legal motivation to address hate speech, harassment, and propaganda. 
CJSN (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. 
They traced their cultural lineage from the Greeks, through the Roman Empire, to the European Renaissance. 
Twenty-nine albums were in the top five/ten this year. 
The brand has also partnered with various companies including Levi's, Starbucks, Nixon, Loot Crate and J.Crew to sell exclusive release products, as well as collaborating with MythBusters' Adam Savage and reporter John Dickerson to create special editions. 
Ginga is the middleware specification for the Nipo-Brazilian Digital TV System (SBTVD, from the Portuguese Sistema Brasileiro de TV Digital). 
She was scuttled at Kirkenes in 1944 by the retreating Germans. 
The syntax of the Java programming language is the set of rules defining how a Java program is written and interpreted. 
In September 2011 the BBC highlighted a modern example of a particularly intricate memory box, in the form of a Pantheon Theater, containing over 10,000 pieces of marquetry, taking 18 months to create. 
Wab is an Austronesian language spoken by about 120 people in the coastal villages of Wab and Saui, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea. 
The National Democratic Convention (Nadeco) is a South African political party formed in August 2005 via floor crossing legislation by Ziba Jiyane, the former Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) chairperson. 
It is owned & operated by Bauer Radio and forms part of the Hits Radio Network. 
Its common names include yesterday-today-and-tomorrow, morning-noon-and-night, Kiss Me Quick, and Brazil raintree. 
It was launched in 1989 for the treatment of depression in Japan by Mochida. 
On March 25, 2014, Retroism re-released the game on GOG.com and, together with Night Dive Studios, to Steam. 
A clock was installed on the facade in 1927.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 2, 1990. 
In 2003, they were purchased by Mandalay Entertainment in connection with Tom Hicks, former owner of the Texas Rangers and the Southwest Sports Group. 
The album title has multiple meanings. 
NewportRydeBradingCowesEast CowesSandownShanklinVentnorYarmouth This is a list of towns and villages in the county of Isle of Wight, England. 
Its most successful event has been Wrestling, where it has won 42 medals, 21 of which have been Gold. 
Gibbons found himself in a curious position [when he wrote Red Napoleon in the 1920s]... 
The game is played from a third-person perspective, and its world is navigated on foot or by vehicle. 
The species was previously considered extinct but is now listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List. 
The music group belonged to the most successful rock bands of the German region Saxony. 
The Dynamic Invocation Interface (DII) is an API which allows dynamic construction of CORBA object invocations. 
In 1992, a new team using the name Orlando Lions entered the USISL. 
Nikhil Kumar (born as Nikhil Gowda) (born 22 January 1990) is an Indian film actor and businessman, who mainly works in the Kannada and Telugu film industry. 
The song "192 Days" had previously been released in demo form on the band's EP Fire Kite in 2009. 
She appeared in more than twenty films since 2003 including her role as Gwendolyn "Gwen" Shepard in the Ruby Red film series based on the book. 
They are all black solids that dissolve sparingly in organic solvents to give deeply colored solutions. 
The Riverside Community College District, or RCCD, is the community college district serving Riverside, California, United States, and neighboring cities. 
Escuela San Francisco de Placilla (English: San Francisco de Placilla School) is a Chilean high school located in Placilla, Colchagua Province, Chile. 
Singh had a maiden call for the official Indian squad for the South Africa series in 2015. 
At the eastern end of the dene, the woodland gives way to magnesian limestone grassland, while at the western end there is an area of tall fen vegetation. 
Meyers played center field for Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier in September 2016, and played for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic in the main tournament. 
He previously played with the Brisbane Lions. 
The decade of the 1720s in archeology involved some significant events. 
Sitarganj is a city and a municipal board in Udham Singh Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. 
The Cinebulle is a hot air balloon specially adapted for filming. 
Other church memorials still utter the names of the Shoenbergers, the Probascos, the Resors, the Neaves and the Bowlers. 
SMA Negeri 8 Jakarta is known for its selective admission process, achievements in science competitions such as the National Science Olympiad, and an excellent performance of its students in the Indonesian university entrance examination known as SNMPTN. 
As the fossil itself is apparently lost, this makes the genus a nomen dubium. 
In 1967 the faculty was divided into Flemish and French speaking departments, and they exist today as faculties of two separate universities. 
This article is a list of diseases of almonds (Prunus dulcis). 
Ehrlich played a central role in the development of the Asian cable and telecom industry. 
Bobby Darin's song "Long Line Rider" highlighted the terror of the Cummins Prison Farm (Cummins Unit), where the skeletons of three prisoners were discovered in January 1968.Long line riders were armed guards who rode on horseback. 
Numerous religious traditions have complex understandings of the nature, function and expectations of prayer. 
Lonergan himself loudly and openly called nearby customers "wops", "dagos" and other ethnic slurs. 
Radio Rations is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show that was not released to the general public but only to US military personnel serving overseas in October 2007. 
Rachel Furner is a multi-platinum selling British songwriter signed to Universal Music Publishing. 
Their uniform is black shirt, black shorts and black socks. 
Partner services is a public health term which refers to the health intervention given to a client's intimate partners when a client goes to a health care provider requesting health care. 
A sub-theme loosely based on a Polynesian concept, the Islanders, was released for 1994. 
He is known in the San Francisco community for having painted a number of large, graphic "sign" murals including: One Tree next to the U.S. Route 101 on-ramp at 10th and Bryant Street, Innercity Home on a large public housing structure, Sky/Ground on a tall abandoned building at 3rd and Mission Street, and Extinct over a Shell gas station. 
It is a spur road of National Highway 352. 
They are an active and arboreal species, and should only be kept in a medium to large size vivarium, with plenty of limbs and ledges in which to seek elevation. 
He served curacies in Walkley and Doncaster. 
Visitors to the Redoubt can now explore the fortress, discovering the stories of the people who lived there throughout its 200 year history. 
It is practiced in 49 of the 50 states in the United States. 
Technology is a key factor to achieve better results in disaster logistics. 
This 'special grass' could survive in such places, but the erosion is still evident at the site and continues to be a problem there. 
Along the principles of Octavia Hill's schemes, the company used female rent-collectors, including Beatrice Potter (later Webb), one of the founders of the London School of Economics & Political Science and Ella Pycroft, who ran the Buildings alongside Maurice Eden Paul. 
The legal fiction used was that by failing to pay after promising to do so, a defendant had committed deceit, and was liable to the plaintiff. 
The population was 3,830 at the 2010 census. 
A resident of Roseville, Minnesota, Kramer is nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" in Scrabble circles. 
Released on Maurice White's label Kalimba Records, it was their first of new material in six years. 
The Women's 100 meter freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships was held on 6 August with the heats and the semifinals and 7 August with the final. 
The third single "Man to Man" became his first number one hit. 
The company operates seven bulk ships, seven product tankers and two chemical tankers. 
Since turning professional in 2005 he has won five titles on the PGA Tour as of the 2016 season and earned rankings inside the top thirty in the world. 
The Youth in Music championship is a marching band competition held annually at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota in October. 
Voter turnout was 87.6%. 
The anterior compartment contains the flexors, and is mainly supplied by the median nerve. 
It doesn't matter which library is used to access file FNF001. 
Around 2014, over 93 million people were playing Candy Crush Saga, while revenue over a three-month period as reported by King was over $493 million. 
Remedy UK was created in response to what was perceived to be an insufficiently robust response by the official doctors' trade union, the BMA, and professional associations (Royal Colleges of Medicine). 
The importance of free passage through portages found them included in laws and treaties. 
The Modern Literal Version (MLV) is a Modern English translation of the New Testament of the Bible, originally translated in 1987, and updated regularly since then. 
This mollusc, a species of slit-limpet that measures up to four millimeters long, lives at hydrothermal vents. 
Solo Cup Company is located in Lake Forest, Illinois, and in 2006 had sales of $2.4 billion. 
The Roman Catholic Church in Vietnam comprises solely a Latin rite hierarchy, joint in a national episcopal conference, comprising three metropolitan archdioceses and 23 suffragan dioceses. 
Politics was published in three volumes: False Necessity: Anti-Necessitarian Social Theory in the Service of Radical Democracy, the longest volume, is an explanatory and programmatic argument of how society might be transformed to be more in keeping with the context-smashing potential of the human imagination; Social Theory: Its Situation and Its Task, is a "critical introduction" that delves into issues of social science underpinning Unger's project; and Plasticity Into Power: Comparative-Historical Studies on the Institutional Conditions of Economic and Military Success, is a collection of three historical essays illuminating the theoretical points Unger advanced in the first two volumes. 
Benstead is currently goalkeeping coach at Frimley Green.. 
Wanzi (Wandji) is a Bantu language spoken in Gabon. 
It is the home of Major League Soccer's Los Angeles FC. 
The movie was filmed around Clogherhead, County Louth and in the Powerscourt Estate in Enniskerry, County Wicklow. 
The song reached the Top 40 in all of the countries it was released in. 
More of the Best of Bill Cosby (1970) is the 13th album by Bill Cosby. 
A book secured on the girdle belt served both the utilitarian function of enabling hands-free carrying and protecting valuable books from theft and the elements. 
It flowered in 2010 and died in 2012.On October 22, 2008, Daily Naya Diganta and Daily Jaijaidin reported that there were a few more plants still remaining at Edward Park, Bogra. 
The album was released on May 11, 2018 via Holland's own Dare2 Records label. 
Beasley also backed Etta James at recording sessions in New Orleans. 
The altostratus velum cloud appears dark in comparison to its parent cloud, and can persist even after the cumulonimbus has disintegrated. 
In 1944, the group departed Italy for the China-Burma-India Theater, leaving its Curtiss P-40 Warhawks behind for Lockheed P-38 Lightnings and Republic P-47 Thunderbolts. 
Kara Swisher of Re/Code called Baker the "woman to watch" in a profile in C Magazine. 
The single went to number 21 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1988. 
Deleted Scenes from the Cutting Room Floor in the Netherlands, while it was released on 2 December 2011 as a CD single and as a Digital download as the fourth single from the album in Germany. 
The honor of Stoke-Courcy represented 25 knight's fees. 
It is led by Lara Mangravite. 
It is sometimes placed in the genus Underwoodisaurus. 
The group got its start with in 2001 when Slim Thug and E.S.G. released a collaboration album Boss Hogg Outlaws. 
It is known for its spacious single-family homes and lots, which were comparatively large for the 1920s. 
Traditional Scottish dishes exist alongside international foodstuffs brought about by migration. 
Kolhan is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. 
KGGF-FM (104.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. 
It is found in Afghanistan, India, Iran, Kazakhstan, Burma, Nepal, Tibet, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. 
He won another award for editorials in 2011.Layton is also an active community member, involving himself in securing funding for a helicopter for the Edmonton Police Service. 
This event correlates with the celebration of Philippine Independence in the month of June. 
It is bounded by the Park Street and Fruitvale Bridges, which connect Oakland to the City of Alameda. 
Kelbke is a small river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. 
The request may be granted only if it is seconded by one-fifth of the senators present. 
Within was released in October 1998 by Virgin Classics. 
The association's most important notable accomplishments include the creation of the country's finest music library of the time, the sponsorship of the first professional and public chamber music series in the United States, the erection of the Boston Music Hall, and the formation of the orchestra which ultimately gave rise to the Boston Symphony Orchestra. 
She is currently representing Kodad Assembly constituency. 
Lenyrhova is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family which is known from eastern Madagascar. 
The Jackson Lawmakers were a Cotton States League minor league baseball team based in Jackson, Mississippi that played during the 1913 season. 
This was Urban's first album to be produced by Dann Huff, who has produced all of his albums since. 
This was the first season under new head coach Arthur Morton, and the Maroons failed to score more than 7 points in any game all year. 
This album gained them Spellemannprisen 2006 in the hip-hop category. 
Deltophalonia embrithopa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. 
Kaiavere is a village in Tartu Parish, Tartu County, Estonia. 
Mike Gregory and Chris Johns eventually decided to go back to the BDO, but were unable to play in the 1994 BDO World Championship as their change of heart came too late for them to be able to qualify. 
Mark David Agrast (born 1956) is an American lawyer who was a Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the United States Department of Justice, overseeing criminal and national security matters for the department's Office of Legislative Affairs. 
As risks occur on a project, and money is needed to pay for them, the contingency can be transferred to the appropriate accounts that need it. 
Since October 2010 he is ambassador in Cairo and Representative to the Arab League. 
It was released on February 7, 1942. 
Both species have fleshy, oval leaves and form colonies which flower profusely after bushfires. 
It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect. 
Munn began his broadcasting career as a senior at Phoenix Carl Hayden High School, then later announced games at Phoenix College in the late 1970s. 
1993 played for Floreat Athena in Perth, Australia and then transfer to Sorrento where he was top goal scorer in league and voted player of season only to return home to family business. 
Its cathedral, Christ Episcopal Cathedral, is in Salina. 
The channel originally focused on programming related to fine arts and film; it currently broadcasts several reality television series targeted at 25-54 year-old women as well as the LGBT community, along with acquired and original dramas, and mainstream theatrically released feature films. 
The Valea Iancului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. 
The Ballinhassig Garda station is also located in the village. 
It was built by local carpenter John Rodger and stonemason William Foster. 
He writes as Leonard Carpenter and Leonard P. Carpenter. 
The School is operated by The Head of School Anisur Rahman Shohagh, who has been a local working partner of British Council Bangladesh since 2007. 
Fillings are usually smooth, creamy peanut butter, but crunchy peanut butter, or peanut butter mixed with other flavors, is also used. 
Krok is an unincorporated community located in the town of West Kewaunee, in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States. 
Croydon is a town and locality within the Shire of Croydon in Queensland, Australia. 
It was included in 2014 Commonwealth Games. 
The film played an important role in influencing legislation and policy discussions in Congress, the VA, and the Department of Defense and was embraced by a national movement of activists and veteran service organizations working to improve care for the unprecedented influx of women returning from Iraq and Afghanistan into the VA system. 
Vector image standards which are present on the World Wide Web today that draw some similarities include Adobe Flash and SVG. 
Hiperbarrio comprises a small group of digital communities that use free media self-publishing tools on the Internet in order to practice and promote new forms of self-representation and participation in the Knowledge Society. 
He played college football at Oregon State, and was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft. 
Zahoor is both a given name and a surname. 
Mario Alberto Salazar Madera (born 14 August 1975) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. 
It has been hailed as the "Bible of Neuroscience" having been co-written by the "Father of Neuroscience", Eric Kandel. 
Temple Records was originally an independent record label run by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV from 1984 through 1994 for releases by Psychic TV and related projects. 
Dax is one of a number of Colas (Children of Limitless Ability), young people who possess amazing supernatural powers. 
The 1997 WNBA draft was the inaugural draft held by the WNBA through which teams could select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women's basketball players. 
Annie Haeger (born February 5, 1990) is a United States Olympic sailing contestant. 
Their music was a mix of country, rock, and R&B, featuring dual male / female harmony vocals, country-blues electric guitar, saxophone and rhythm section. 
Norbert Holzknecht (born 13 April 1976) is an Austrian former alpine skier. 
In 2012 the Eagles stock rose significantly finishing 3rd on the ladder overall and losing the Preliminary Final against Cobden Football Club by 52 points. 
The Petra papyri, also known as the Petra archive, is a corpus of papyrus documents written in Greek and dating to the sixth century AD that were discovered in the Byzantine church at Petra in 1993. 
Jack Peart has the longest continuous tenure as manager, serving for 7 years, 5 months and 30 days in the 1920s. 
Black Cab is a Melbourne based drone and electronica group. 
This list of schools of pharmacy in the United Kingdom includes all thirty RPSGB or PSNI registered MPharm degree-issuing schools of pharmacy in the United Kingdom. 
The event was first held in 1996, and has been annual fixture of the channel through its various incarnations, including The Family Channel, Fox Family, ABC Family, and Freeform. 
Carlton and Aston Barrett and Augustus Pablo contributed music, while vocal fragments include Hudson, Horace Andy and Big Youth. 
The Galbraith plot is then a scatter plot of each z-statistic (vertical axis) against 1/SE (horizontal axis). 
Geri's restaurants, at least in the early days, had little or no inside seating, and were geared towards fast take-out service. 
The Zilveren Harp (Silver Harp) is a Dutch award given annually to promising musical talent. 
The Guerilla Band is an album by American pianist Hal Galper released on the Mainstream label in 1971. 
He appeared in more than thirty films since 1986. 
Additionally, the minor planet 50000 Quaoar was named after the Tongva creator god. 
The episode satirized Jewish stereotypes and originally aired on July 28, 1999. 
The South African Communist Party (SACP) is a communist party in South Africa. 
The film starred Tricia Leigh Fisher and Timothy Williams and was directed by Sean McNamara, marking his directorial debut. 
The current Chief Justice is Anne Ferguson, who was appointed by Governor Linda Dessau to succeed Marilyn Warren. 
Visa requirements for Trinidad and Tobago citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Trinidad and Tobago. 
Ellis attended Penistone Grammar School and is a graduate from Sheffield Hallam University in Architecture. 
Although widely believed to have been made to cash in on the success of the similarly themed Gremlins (which is also owned by Warner Bros.), director Stephen Herek has refuted this in interviews, pointing out that the first Critters script was written by Domonic Muir long before Gremlins went into production and subsequently underwent rewrites to reduce the apparent similarities between the two films. 
Euplax dagohoyi is a species of crab in the family Macrophthalmidae. 
Hamblin Bay is also a fault of the same name in the vicinity, which "strikes at a low angle to the easternmost mapped branch of the Las Vegas Shear Zone". 
The style of each host varies a bit but most will comment on the particular film or show that is being screened, along with commentary about the acting, subject matter, and cast and crew, among other things. 
The album has caused media interest because of its folk-ish sound some compared to turbo folk. 
The Consensus Coding Sequence (CCDS) Project is a collaborative effort to maintain a dataset of protein-coding regions that are identically annotated on the human and mouse reference genome assemblies. 
The picture shown is not the TCV core promoter, but an upstream hairpin that is also required for replication of the virus. 
Some of the new additions to Empire Earth II were four new civilizations and several other new features. 
The winners of the 2016 IndieWire Critics Poll were announced on December 19, 2016. 
He won several international tournaments and was awarded the titles of International Master (MI) in 1992 and International Grandmaster (GMI) in 2000. 
In the United States, the United States Army Military District of Washington (MDW) is responsible for providing military funerals. 
Most of the songs were cover versions but there were also three original songs. 
This method can apply to both extant and extinct animals, according to the scope of the study. 
The Euphrates jerboa's natural habitats are semi-deserts, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and hot deserts. 
The site was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places by the Archeological Resource Management Service (ARMS) at Ball State University in 2008. 
Restaurant James Sommerin is a restaurant in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. 
Several of the species exist in slightly different forms (or subspecies). 
Three of Lord Calthorpe's sons, the second, third and fourth Barons, both succeeded in the titles. 
Michael Gallagher (born c. 1958) is an American newspaper editor. 
Austins Bridge is an American Christian country band originally formed in Austin, Texas. 
Sarizotan (EMD-128,130) is a selective 5-HT1A receptor agonist and D2 receptor antagonist, which has antipsychotic effects, and has also shown efficacy in reducing dyskinesias resulting from long-term anti-Parkinsonian treatment with levodopa. 
It is the first book in a series titled Lockwood & Co., and was released on August 29, 2013 by Random House in the United Kingdom, and by Disney-Hyperion in the United States on September 17, 2013.Lockwood & Co. revolves around Lucy Carlyle, as she joins the charming Anthony Lockwood and George Cubbins to investigate the hauntings across London. 
Ski Apache has nine lifts including one gondola lift, three Quad Chairlifts, and four triple chairlifts. 
Norlandair is an Icelandic airline. 
Alvania harrietae is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae. 
Since his retirement, he has established himself as Australia's track and field commentator working with Channel 7 and SBS as well as various radio stations. 
He argued that the telephone was created originally for the hearing impaired but it became popularized by the hearing community. 
Washington rode up with reinforcements and rallied the fleeing militia. 
U. deningeri is a descendant of U. savini and an ancestor of U. spelaeus. 
Spoke is the 1996 debut album of Calexico, an Americana/indie rock band from Arizona. 
Designed in a loose Baroque style, the throne is recessed in an apse before a reredos, supported by two Corinthian columns of jasper, which contains a large canvas dedicated to Peter I with Minerva by Jacopo Amigoni. 
Raboama Koloti (born 4 December 1998) is a Lesotho footballer currently playing as a forward for Lesotho Mounted Police Service FC of the Lesotho Premier League. 
Some of the latest productions of the team include two songs for U.K. X-Factor-winner Alexandra Burke, "Dangerous" and "Bury Me (6 Feet Under)", as well as Michael Jackson's "I Want You Back" (ELEMENT Remix), and a remix of Michael Jackson's "Skywriter" (Stargate Remix) which they produced together with Stargate, the latter two featured on the 2009 remix album "The Remix Suite". 
Race Owen (born July 12, 1975) is an American actor who plays Damian Wakefield on the MyNetworkTV limited-run serial American Heiress. 
It was released posthumously on December 15, 1979 and peaked at number 30 on the British album charts. 
Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are proteins or lipids that become glycated as a result of exposure to sugars. 
Its main base was Sharjah International Airport, with hubs at Bishkek airport (FRU) and Jinnah International Airport (KHI), Karachi. 
In a small study in 1994, it was compared to clonidine and buprenorphine in the detoxification of methadone patients and found to be inferior to both of them. 
Although Mobb Deep were credited as guest, only Prodigy appears on the song. 
He is currently the QSI Tbilisi Director of Playing Development and a Head Coach, Boys Basketball Program. 
His retirement was announced on July 10, 2018. 
The Al Muthanna Task Group (AMTG) was a battlegroup that formed Australia's main ground force contribution to the Multinational force in Iraq. 
Downtown is bound by the Back Bay, North End, Beacon Hill, and the South End areas. 
Zumbrota Township was organized in 1858. 
It does not include references to the many dozens of derivative female characters called "Lilith" in comics, video games, cartoons, supernatural films, TV series, and so on. 
It aims to protect newborn infants from becoming infected with pertussis by administering DTaP/Tdap (tetanus, diphtheria and acellular pertussis) booster vaccine to mothers, family members and any individuals who would come into regular contact with the newborn infant. 
The film was a remake of Kalathur Kannamma. 
The Virginia Gold Cup is held the first Saturday of May at Great Meadow in The Plains, Virginia, a field events center created and bequeathed by the Arundel Family in 1984. 
It may be included in the Hudson River Historic District. 
It is located at 2nd Street and D Street, Southeast, Washington, D.C., in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. 
In the Valley (1890) is a historical novel by Anglo-American novelist Harold Frederic. 
Gibbons was previously Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security until 2016. 
He is the father of New Zealand comedian Dai Henwood. 
A home console port for the Sega Saturn was canceled, so the game never reached home consoles until 2005 on the Sonic Gems Collection compilation for GameCube and PlayStation 2. 
She was a member of the 11th Lok Sabha and won the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2004. 
The 1985 England rugby union tour of New Zealand was a series of seven matches played by the England national rugby union team in New Zealand in May and June 1985. 
She accepted and performed for the first time together with her mother, the legendary Cuban singer Elena Burke. 
The band created a unique blend of rock, jazz, folk, classical, and world-beat styles during the initial seven years it was officially together. 
It attracts some of the highest-quality touring productions in the country, as well as many shows direct from, or prior to, seasons in the West End. 
Space agencies sometimes open the naming up to the public or to school children in the form of essay contests. 
The violation could not be saved as the purpose of the prohibition, which was to limit the disruption of those who were not involved in the dispute, was not proportional to the prohibition. 
Yanling County is a county of Henan, China. 
Past recipients include ex-First Lady Lady Bird Johnson, who was honored in 1995 for her lifetime leadership in beautification and conservation campaigns. 
Live at Eden is a live EP by Doves, released on 26 April 2005 at select U.S. independent music stores only. 
Quinzanas is one of fifteen parishes (administrative divisions) in Pravia, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. 
William Rittenhouse, grandfather of the astronomer David Rittenhouse, built the first paper mill in America along Paper Mill Run in the late 17th century. 
Royal Oak Music Theater is a music venue located at 318 W. Fourth Street, Royal Oak, Michigan. 
Liberty is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. 
Josip Bilinovac (born December 30, 1990) is a Croatian professional basketball player, who currently plays for Cibona of the Croatian League. 
Another major twist this season was that of Utopia, a separate island. 
The word pedicure is derived from the Latin words pedis, which means "of the foot", and cura, which means "care". 
However, she had little influence in her appearances (against Pakistan, the West Indies, and Ireland), bowling three overs without taking a wicket and failing to score a single run from her three innings. 
Paul Igag (February 24, 1964-October 29, 2010) was a Papuan ornithologist. 
One of the main landmarks in the area is the Schley Grange Hall at the intersection of Hwy 57 and Schley Road. 
The cover is similar to the band's single cover used for "Live and Let Die". 
The first hotel opened at the Trudeau International Airport in Montreal in 2008. 
Yost was a member of the Marvel Writers Program and has worked as a screenwriter for Marvel Studios' Marvel Cinematic Universe with Thor: The Dark World (2013) and Thor: Ragnarok (2017). 
It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City. 
The Bokhara horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus bocharicus) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae. 
Translation award and Information technology in Tamil award were added on subsequently. 
Chamani Seneviratne has scored the most number of runs on debut test for Sri Lanka (148 runs in both innings) and she is also the leading runscorer for Sri Lanka in test matches, despite Sri Lanka Women's managing to play their only test in 1998. 
Because flexure bearings do not rely on sliding or rolling motions, they do not require lubrication. 
Uhuru is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. 
LEVAN (Learning EVerything About ANything) is a visual processing search engine developed by computer scientists from Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence in Seattle and the University of Washington. 
The chassis was a copy of a Formula Two Cooper, fitted with a flat-four engine devised by Archie Butterworth. 
Pentacrinites is an extinct genus of crinoids that lived from the Middle Triassic to the Eocene of Asia, Europe, North America, and New Zealand. 
Additionally, the theater was equipped with state-of-the-art fire safety equipment. 
He is a graduate of the University of Connecticut and received a masters in public administration from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University. 
Indian classical music is a genre of South Asian music. 
The 1974 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 1974 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. 
He has worked extensively in radio with over 2000 broadcasts for the BBC including Uncle Mort in the Radio 4 comedy series by Peter Tinniswood. 
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi (10th edition, 2008), the widespread genus contains 48 species. 
In July 2016 All or Nothing acquired a group of companies being Trafalgar Ales & Meads, Trafalgar Artisanal Distillery and Pioneer Black Creek Brewery to gain access to bricks and mortar production. 
As a student he met Ernst Lang, director of Basel Zoo with whom he maintained a long-term association. 
A long list of code designations with corresponding trade names can be found in Appendix IV of the USP Dictionary, see article on drug nomenclature. 
The repeal means that the statutory caps of a maximum of 15 months' pay for voluntary departures and 12 months' pay for compulsory departures, will not apply to the new civil service compensation scheme that is starting on 22 December 2010. 
He also served as the Finance Minister of Kerala from 2006 to 2011. 
The Literary World was a weekly American magazine founded in February 1847 by Osgood and Company in New York City. 
On 8 December 2014, Hindu nationalist groups affiliated to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) were reported to have converted 100 - 250 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra. 
She is a graduate of Tokyo Women's College and University of Southern California. 
Most of the community has been annexed by Winston-Salem. 
There were no foreign members elected this year. 
Crowdfunding is typically related to crowdsourcing because there is dependence from a larger group or crowd. 
It is located between Sankaridurg and Cauvery. 
Her public service roles were in the Department of Defense as an internal auditor, and in the employment department, with responsibility for unemployed people with special needs. 
Ngomdo is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. 
The highway parallels Interstate 80 its entire length. 
It is 70% lexically similar to Abia of the Yareban family. 
Head offices are based in Chippenham, Wiltshire in the United Kingdom. 
William Eric Viking Hahne (born April 19, 1992, Stockholm) is a Swedish politician who is the Deputy Chairman of the party Alternative for Sweden. 
They are designated by the Federal Act to Promote Research and Innovation to promote research together with the Swiss National Science Foundation. 
The twenty-four teams were divided into eight teams of three to compete in round-robin matches. 
This is a list of airports in Panama, sorted by location. 
Waterford Mills is an unincorporated community in Elkhart Township, Elkhart County, Indiana. 
Beginning in 1955, Ford spun their station wagons into their own series and the Country Sedan continued to represent the mid-trim level station wagon. 
He professes integrity in walk, and unwavering trust in Yahweh, as attested by Yahweh Himself (v.1-2). 
He died in 1935 while visiting his ranch at Paso Robles, and was buried in Seattle, Washington. 
Knesebeck stems from the ancient nobility of Lower Saxony, while the white line stems from the ancient nobility of the Altmark. 
Dar Ben Ayed is an old palace of the medina of Tunis. 
The lyrics deal with contemplative themes, albeit seen in a more positive manner compared to the band's earlier work. 
A number of species of Acacia and Eucalyptus have minni ritchi bark. 
Eifion "Jack" Davies is a Welsh former professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 1950s. 
There are also other devices, which can offer some helpful separation. 
It is part of the Market Drayton Churches Together group of churches and Market Drayton Food Bank. 
In 2000, the USGS launched the new Urban Areas program, which will ultimately take high-resolution color aerial photographs of about 100 major American cities. 
Craig B. Hummer, born on May 20, 1965, is an American sportscaster. 
McCabe has also represented the Scotland national under-21 football team. 
CondorBased on the Schweizer SGM 2-37 motor glider, a total of five RU-38s were produced between 1995 and 2005. 
It is the square of 200. 
The bronze-olive pygmy tyrant (Pseudotriccus pelzelni) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. 
It is their 15th studio album and was released in multiple formats, including a double-disk limited edition, featuring two B-sides and three remixes. 
A dance club now occupies the space. 
Laura Cox is a Republican politician from Michigan currently representing the 19th District in the Michigan House of Representatives after being elected in November 2014. 
The paper has been a daily publication since November 1969. 
He was educated at Sedbergh School, the University of East Anglia (BA, 1970). 
Educated at Girton College, Cambridge, and Harvard Business School, she was a partner at McKinsey & Company for 10 years before joining Citigroup in 2004. 
Juan Polo Perez (born October 17, 1963 in Colombia) is a retired Colombian boxer. 
High-grade ore from McArthur river is blended with lower grade local rock before being passed through the mill. 
The inflorescence bears up to 30 white to yellowish flowers, each between one and two centimeters long. 
The Dream has qualified for the WNBA Playoffs in seven of its nine years in Atlanta and has reached the WNBA Finals three times. 
A subsidiary of Google, the company develops and sells an e-commerce platform that automates billing and ordering processes for cloud marketplaces. 
Hobo II was built in 1905 as a private motorboat of the same name by the Electric Launch Company (ELCO) at Bayonne, New Jersey. 
The Mound is a busy, if fairly steep, thoroughfare taking traffic to and from Princes Street and the Royal Mile in the Old Town. 
However, Tweak UI provides a simple graphical user interface that most users find easier to use and less risky than editing the registry. 
At the end of their stay, Makosi had to choose two of the three secret housemates to enter the main house. 
On February 22, 2013, after nearly two seasons in the CHL, Fox made his American Hockey League debut playing with the Houston Aeros. 
Several geographical forms with variations in color are noted within the wide distribution range extending from India in the west to Japan in the east. 
He was a center back. 
This is a complete list of members of the United States Senate during the 104th United States Congress listed by seniority, from January 3, 1995 to January 3, 1997. 
Schloss Gobelsburg is a winery in the Kamptal wine growing region in Lower Austria, some 50 miles to the north west of Vienna. 
Toby Smith (born 10 October 1988) is an Australian rugby union player. 
The single was later released on Smith's 1969 album entitled The Best of Connie Smith, Vol. 2, her second compilation album. 
He has finished in the top-ten at six ISU Championships, including two World Championships (2015 and 2018), competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics and the 2018 Winter Olympics, finishing 17th in both competitions. 
The reverse side shows Via Rail's train, the Canadian, with the Canadian Rockies in the background; this is accompanied by a Via Rail route map. 
While attending law school, he was the co-founder and editor-in-chief of the NYU Journal of Law & Liberty; he also clerked for Judge E. Grady Jolly on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 
It was formed by Jeff Spitaleri, his brother Eric, and a third member, Cory Trapp, all from the Canton, Ohio area. 
The following is a list of football stadiums in the Netherlands, ordered by capacity. 
Satudarah MC differs from most other outlaw motorcycle gangs in the fact that it welcomes all races into its club, owing to its historical creation by a group of Moluccans and Dutch friends. 
Milele, which means "forever" in Swahili has performed alongside gospel artists like Andrae Crouch and Helen Baylor and recorded four albums, Forever, Level up, Afrique and their most recent recording, Monday. 
Pasgen ap Cyngen was a mid 6th century King of Powys, and son of Cyngen Glodrydd. 
The teacher chooses a skill and strategy that she believes her class needs based on assessments that she has conducted in her classroom. 
For more detail & team line-outs see separate entry for 1941 Senior Camogie Championship. 
Both singles were released on February 17, 2015. 
When not performing a challenge, the volunteers are escorted to their cells by unknown masked men who never talk, to create an environment of stress and panic. 
Generally, it refers to the field in psychology and education that is devoted to testing, measurement, assessment, and related activities. 
It is found in Ivory Coast, Senegal and South Africa. 
Like other benzodiazepine derivatives, it has amnesic, anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, muscle relaxant, and sedative properties. 
James Harvie Wilkinson III (born September 29, 1944) is a United States Circuit Judge serving on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. 
Andrew Deutsch (born 1968) is a sound artist who also teaches at the New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University. 
Stert Brook Exposure (grid reference SU017583) is a 4,200 square meter geological Site of Special Scientific Interest at Stert in Wiltshire, England, notified in 1989. 
So Why Can't We?, which became a commercial success. 
JunoCam (or JCM) is the visible-light camera/telescope of the Juno Jupiter orbiter, a NASA space probe launched to the planet Jupiter on 5 August 2011. 
Senegal competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011. 
It has small, fuzzy gray leaves which are scoop-shaped due to their rolled edges. 
The Teacher Academy's first class graduated in 1998. 
This was only the second time in recorded history that a tornado struck Manila, the capital of the Philippines. 
The Royal Embassy of Cambodia in Washington, D.C. is the diplomatic mission of the Kingdom of Cambodia to the United States. 
Neusiedl am See is located on the northern shore of the Neusiedler See. 
Arcinges is a commune in the Loire department in central France. 
The new station consisted of two flanking wooden platform linked by an overbridge, access to which was gained through the booking office, set at road level adjacent to the main road through, and linking the villages. 
Donald Haultain was an Anglican priest in the first half of the twentieth century. 
Rape pornography is a subgenre of pornography involving the description or depiction of rape. 
From 1995 to 1997 he was the Chief of Plans, Operations and Training at the Rwandan Patriotic Army Headquarters. 
He was selected in the fourth round, 104th overall, by the Jets in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. 
The pair of cemeteries was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a single listing in 1974. 
In Greek sources, Ostanes is given as the name of one of the sons of the Achaemenid Persian emperor Darius (II) Nothos, and the grandfather of Darius (III) Codomannos. 
Terry Rodgers (born September 11, 1947) is an American artist known for his large scale canvases that focus on portraying contemporary body politics. 
The building may have been designed by Inigo Jones, and built by Sir Roger Pratt around 1660. 
Cyclopropylacetylene is used as an important reagent to synthesize pharmaceuticals and other organic compounds. 
The service was originally based on peer-to-peer technology acquired from Microsoft Research. 
This film is directed by Manan Subra and acted by Alvin Martin, Sasikumar Kandasamy, Anu Ramamoorthy, Sangabalan, Shamini Ramasamy, Kristina Vinokree, Nanthakumar, Pradeep Singh Sivakumar and Vishnukumar Elangovan. 
Amolita obliqua, the oblique grass moth, is a species of owlet moths, etc. 
Binson echo units were also used by Hawkwind, and more recently by Tarantula Hawk. 
The facility comprised several kiddie rides, a seal tank, souvenir shops, entertainments such as a spin art concession, and a 6,000-car parking lot. 
The company is the American branch of the global, 200-year-old Herder family publishing group, with headquarters in Freiburg, Germany (Verlag Herder) and Barcelona, Spain (Herder Editorial). 
A second series called The Lost Stars, focuses on the collapse of the Syndicate Worlds. 
John Henry Newman wrote to his father on 29 May 1818: "I go up for my Little tomorrow", and records in his journal for the following day that he had 'passed Responsions'. 
Chicago was also the champion of the Western Conference, Missouri was champion of the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association (MVIAA), and Colorado won the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference. 
The council area covers 912 square kilometers and had a population of over 23,000 as at the 2016 Census. 
Upon his retirement as CEO, Grill donated $20 million to the University of Sydney to establish the John Grill Center for Project Leadership. 
Formin-like protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FMNL2 gene. 
The Grand Brighton Hotel is a historic Victorian sea front hotel in Brighton on the south coast of England. 
Provision is a method used in the Republic of Ireland to ensure asylum seekers are housed and cared for, in accordance with international law. 
Crystal Springs provides irrigation for multiple nearby ranches and farms, some of which lie over 5 miles away from the springs. 
She was elected to the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly as the Country Liberal member for Arnhem at the 2012 territory election. 
Vehicles may also save fuel by continuing through a station when there is no need to stop. 
Maximun length is 29mm. 
Last Dickens is a novel by Matthew Pearl published by Random House. 
The Samsung NX30 is a DSLR-style mirrorless camera, part of Samsung's NX series announced by Samsung on January 2, 2014. 
Before then, she was a backing vocalist and keyboard player for Goodbye Mr Mackenzie from 1981 to 1992. 
It is mentioned in the stories of "B.B." Watkins-Pitchford. 
The film was directed by Anthony Mandler and is over 10 minutes long. 
Na h-Eileanan Iasgaich comprise a small uninhabited archipelago in Loch Boisdale, in the south east of the island of South Uist, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. 
He was born in Mariupol, Ukraine. 
Located at the western end of Bukit Timah Road, this station serves the private residential estate along the Bukit Timah corridor. 
As the name of the episode implies, viewers experience Donald Duck himself as he struggles through a typical day at the Walt Disney Studios. 
The league disbanded after Hall's 1921 death. 
Brian L. Roberts (born June 28, 1959) is an American businessman who currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Comcast Corporation, an American company providing cable, entertainment, and communications products and services. 
It is the band's first album without founding member Dave Brockie, who portrayed Oderus Urungus, due to his death on March 23, 2014. 
Delays are an English indie band formed in Southampton, consisting of brothers Greg and Aaron Gilbert, Colin Fox and Rowly. 
The city-state of Athens, which became a significant cultural, political, and military power during this period, was its center, where it was institutionalized as part of a festival called the Dionysia, which honored the god Dionysus. 
A exoglycosidase is a glycoside hydrolase enzyme which breaks the glycosidic bonds at the terminal residue. 
Two of these native species may have become extirpated within the state. 
The song is written in the key of G minor, at a tempo of 125 BPM. 
The first edition of The Blue Book was published on 8 February 2013. 
The ecological humanities are characterized by a connectivity ontology and a commitment to two fundamental axioms relating to the need to submit to ecological laws and to see humanity as part of a larger living system. 
It was released by Atco Records in 1982. 
The album consists of Jandek's vocals and mostly guitar instrumentation. 
He served as a supervising architect on the construction of the Crystal Palace for London's Great Exhibition of 1851. 
He was the Minister of State for the Armed Forces from 2010 to 2012. 
It was established by William Burns Paterson in the early part of 1870. 
She is currently a Royal Academy of Engineering Visiting Professor of Inclusive Engineering at Aston University, developing undergraduate content on Inclusive Engineering to equip our next generation of engineers with the skills and competencies they need to be inclusive. 
Ole Evenrud (born November 17, 1962) is a Norwegian pop artist and teenpop producer. 
It is set in the nineteenth-century Dutch colonial past and contemporaneous Bangladesh, and is based on the experiences of the author, who grew up in the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) and was stationed in Bangladesh as a diplomat. 
The species of lizards had its scientific name changed recently from Anolis stratulus to Ctenonotus stratulus according to Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS). 
The song, together with the album, peaked at No.38 in Dutch Album Charts. 
The Amazing Mrs. Holliday received an Academy Award nomination for Best Score. 
Chembakolli's closest town is Gudalur and its closest city is Mysore and Coimbatore to south of Nilgiris district. 
The Dryden Baronetcy, of Canons Ashby in the County of Northampton, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 2 May 1795 for John Dryden. 
The county was organized November 16, 1820 and named after pioneer Captain Stephen Cole, an Indian fighter and pioneer settler, who built Cole's Fort in Boonville. 
These individual objectives may be fulfilled by unit test framework tools, stubs or drivers. 
While it is possible for any guild to do this on their own, setting up and maintaining a site requires constant maintenance, upgrades and integration of new software. 
The house was torched by the IRA on 8 August 1922. 
This is a list of 742 species in Mycetophila, a genus of fungus gnats in the family Mycetophilidae. 
Pregnancy-specific beta-1-glycoprotein 9 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PSG9 gene. 
In the case of the alpha version, this prevents the executables from running, so users notice it immediately. 
A tulipiere or tulip-holder is an ornate vessel in which to grow tulips, and is usually made of hand-crafted pottery, classically delftware. 
It is near Bharalumukh and has a beautiful view of the hill side. 
Its only species, Caviana fuscella, described in the same publication, is found in Belize. 
Gusmer Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1918 to provide products to the brewing market. 
It is the second mobile operator in the country. 
It operates Lockheed C-130 Hercules aircraft supporting the United States Air Force global reach mission worldwide. 
It later became the basis for NetHack. 
The battle royal would end via pin or submission between the last two entrants, the winner of which would receive an entry for next year's invitational. 
Ritchie was selected by the Ducks in the first round (10th overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. 
Frantic Bleep is a progressive metal band from Norway. 
In 1924, an 8 meter long turntable was provided at the station, for the operation of an AEC railmotor between Reservoir and Whittlesea station, running two trips a day. 
Who's Next, and was issued in Europe as a single on 23 October 1971, coupled with "My Wife". 
Route 166 is a minor state highway in southern Connecticut running from Westbrook to Old Saybrook. 
The Siege of Rome by Porsena, 1529, and Caesar conquering the town Alesia in Gaul, 1533. 
WCTS is owned by the Central Baptist Theological Seminary of Minneapolis, hence the call letters. 
New rights are recognized and enforced from time to time. 
SPT stands for Stationary Plasma Thruster. 
Barin becomes one of Flash's best friends, and is deeply in love with Princess Aura. 
Marcio-Andre de Sousa Haz (born March 2, 1978, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian writer, film director, performer, sound poet and theorist. 
He started his solo career with Between Green and Blue and Sleeping On The Edge Of The World. 
They released two full-length albums and an EP, as well as appearing on a number of compilations. 
He has previously played in the NHL for the Anaheim Ducks, Edmonton Oilers, and New Jersey Devils. 
Scottish Blackface is the most common breed of domestic sheep in the United Kingdom. 
In 2019, First Second is planning to publish a graphic novel by Dahm titled Island Book. 
The High Commissioner of Australia to Fiji is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the High Commission of the Commonwealth of Australia to Fiji. 
A graduate in economics from the BI Norwegian Business School, Moldenhauer resides in Bergen and has been a board member of SK Brann. 
Private Life is a 2018 American drama film written and directed by Tamara Jenkins. 
Chinook High School is the largest school (by enrollment) operated by Lethbridge School District No. 51. 
It is staffed by Officers from all three of the UK Armed Forces and is supported by a number of Civil Servants who work for the Ministry of Defense. 
Ladder diagrams often show no dwell time, with the prop landing at the same moment as its toss. 
Each class is divided into six units, each composed of three to six students. 
The tournament was played between February 15, and February 17, 1911, in Berlin, Germany, and it was won by Bohemia. 
WCNR is owned and operated by Saga Communications. 
The paddy fields around the city are irrigated by Tungabhadra canal. 
Oliver is most noted for his work with graphic design studios 23 Envelope and v23. 
The Jubilee is a 1769 play by the British playwright and actor-manager David Garrick. 
The city itself is first mentioned in Action Comics #251, April 1959 as the name of a ship, the S.S. Opal City which Superman rescues from a modern-day pirate crew. 
Ananya Roy is a scholar of international development and global urbanism. 
The Opera House portion of the building, on the northern part of the property, facing Market Street, was not torn down. 
Gray seals are often spotted to the west of the bay. 
Trachusa timberlakei is a species of hymenopteran in the family Megachilidae. 
Erwin Weitzl (born 17 July 1960) is an Austrian athlete. 
She married three times; her first husband was Sir Richard Wingfield, by whom she had ten children; he died in 1525. 
He became a regular presenter on the show in the 2010-11 series and rejoined for the current series in 2013. 
John Eugene Joseph Dromey MP (born 29 September 1948) is a British Labor Party politician and trade unionist. 
In total, forty-two different men's and women's track and field events were contested from June 7 to June 10, 2017. 
The administrative headquarters are at Igumale, situated on the railway line crossing Nigeria in the north-south direction. 
There are many ways in which data is converted within the computer environment. 
These processing elements are fed by on chip H.264 and MPEG-2 codecs and controlled by an off die host CPU, connected by an on chip PCIe controller (in contrast to the Cell processor which has an on chip CPU (the PPE) doing similar work). 
The 19th Infantry Division was a formation of the Ottoman Turkish Army, during the Balkan Wars, and the First World War. 
Gustav, 7th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Gustav Frederik Philip Richard; born 12 January 1969), is the eldest child and only son of Princess Benedikte of Denmark and Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. 
The Natural Law Party advocates using the Transcendental Meditation technique and the TM-Sidhi program as tools to enliven natural law and reduce or eliminate problems in society. 
Its current representative is John Rigby, who defeated write-in candidate William Riiska after the sudden resignation of Rep. George Wilber. 
Mangaung is a Sesotho name meaning "place of Cheetahs". 
It received numerous accolades, including Shannon earning a nomination for Best Supporting Actor at the 89th Academy Awards. 
Nude beaches tend to be separate or isolated physically from non-nude bathing areas. 
The samples her team collected were instrumental in allowing a global collaborative research group to locate the gene that causes the disease. 
The Metropolitan State Hospital was an American public hospital for the mentally ill, on grounds that extended across parts of Waltham, Lexington, and Belmont, Massachusetts. 
He currently works as a celebrity tour guide for Hush Hip Hop Tours, a hip-hop cultural sightseeing tour company in New York City, and is a Board member of The Universal Federation for the Preservation of Hip Hop Culture. 
Du Toit plays as a lock or a flanker for the South Africa national team and the Stormers in Super Rugby. 
The Mount Kenya mole shrew (Surdisorex polulus) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Mount Kenya in Kenya. 
Morsea kaibabensis, the kaibab monkey grasshopper, is a species of monkey grasshopper in the family Eumastacidae. 
Whobegotyou was by the outstanding racehorse and sire, Street Cry (IRE), who won the Dubai World Cup and is the sire of winners of more than $51 million including, Shocking, Street Sense and Zenyatta. 
The course is ranked as the fifth best golf course in the county by the website Top 100 Golf Courses. 
The American Concrete Institute recognized the joint venture company that built the Dudley B. Menzies Bridge with an Award of Excellence for Design and Construction in Concrete. 
The city is a resort community with the waterfront dominated by tourism-oriented businesses. 
Prague College is an English-language private university in the Vinohrady district of Prague, Czech Republic, founded in 2004. 
S.J.A de Villiers died on 20 September 2010, at the age of 91. 
Masaka District is a district in the Central Region of Uganda. 
Published in 1993, it won the 1994 Nebula Award for Best Novel, and was also nominated for the 1994 Hugo, Locus, and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards, each in the same category. 
It turned out that Bradman had actually been dismissed for 89 and the MCG scorers hadn't updated his last two runs before his dismissal however the superstition remained. 
The advantage of the gold reflection layer is its increased resistance to corrosion, in contrast to the ordinary aluminum layer found on normal compact disks. 
It was nominated for being one of the few surviving commercial buildings in the once-thriving Mississippi River community, and a well-preserved example of a form of commercial Italianate architecture popular along the river valley. 
In general, the preferred posture is largely a cultural decision. 
Frisby has more than 200 restaurants in 24 Colombian cities. 
Found in northern Europe, it was given the Neo-Latin epithet specifying "Finnish" when it was described as new to science in 1969 by Finnish mycologist Harri Harmaja. 
Solariella intermissa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae. 
The series' sensationalized recountings of the deeds of gangsters such as Baby Face Nelson and Machine Gun Kelly were illustrated by artists Bob Wood, George Tuska, and others. 
It was created on 27 July 1895 for the industrialist, Liberal politician and philanthropist John Brunner. 
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1925. 
Seefeld-Kadolz is a town in the district of Hollabrunn in Lower Austria, Austria. 
SpiceJet is a low-cost airline headquartered in Gurgaon, India. 
Out of the opposite ends flow the Temperance River and the South Brule, a tributary of the Brule River. 
Lenten calendars traditionally start on Ash Wednesday and conclude on Easter Day. 
At some shows, the album version gets performed, while at others they play the edited version instead. 
On September 21, 2006, the Chicago Cubs, who had previously had a Double-A affiliation with division rival West Tenn Diamond Jaxx, reached a two-year player development contract with the Smokies through the 2008 season. 
He had an instrumental role in maintaining the fortunes of the Vuanirewa under the reign of his relative Malani. 
Its mission is to advance urban health and reduce health inequities through research and knowledge mobilization on the social determinants of health focusing on the relationships between health and housing, poverty and income distribution, social exclusion and other social and economic inequalities. 
Founded in 1685, it has been part of the Hirslanden Private Hospital Group since 1998. 
Westgarth railway station is located on the Hurstbridge line, in Victoria, Australia. 
She also painted the panels in the Franciscan church of Adam and Eve, on Merchant's Quay, Dublin. 
This can cause problems because many of the other types of prefabricated housing are listed as Defective Housing and potential buyers can not obtain mortgages. 
The Railways Act 1993, the Transport Act 1985 or the Road Traffic Act 1988, under the Office of Rail and Road, govern the majority of land transport. 
The North American Football League (NAFL) was a proposed American spring football league. 
Thomas Ernest Woods Jr. (born August 1, 1972) is an American historian, political commentator, author, and podcaster. 
It has a guard of ants. 
The Cherokee Nation Foundation is an organization serving the Cherokee Nation, a federally recognized tribe of more than 300,000 citizens. 
Halloween is a 2007 American slasher film written, directed, and produced by Rob Zombie. 
The station was opened prior to 1851 on the southern side of Merton Road and closed around 1876. 
Ramon Bloomberg (born 1972 in Sheffield, England) is a writer and film maker based in London. 
At the 2011 Census the population of the ward was 10,785. 
The station is currently owned by Laurens County Broadcasting Co., Inc and features programming from CBS Radio and Westwood One. 
Eric Pleskow (born April 24, 1924 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian film producer and the former president of the movie studios United Artists and Orion Pictures. 
Argentia Beach is a summer village in Alberta, Canada. 
After some days he was caught again and was killed in Konispol. 
The Old Malthouse School (The OMH) was a preparatory school in the village of Langton Matravers near Swanage in the Isle of Purbeck, Dorset, United Kingdom. 
The women's 3000 meters steeplechase event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Addis Ababa Stadium on May 4. 
The stadium, if built, would have replaced Goodison Park as Everton's home ground. 
A: So that it can walk across lily pads. 
A Democrat, he represents the 66th Assembly District, encompassing parts of the South Bay region of Los Angeles. 
Dynamic balance is the ability of an object to balance while in motion or switching between positions. 
As it was, the Shuttle was not ready until the early 1980s, and Skylab's orbit decayed in 1979. 
Beehler is remembered as being the backbone of Exciter, which had been a forerunner of speed and thrash metal ever since its debut album, Heavy Metal Maniac, which was released some months before Metallica's Kill 'Em All. 
A prequel series, Caprica, aired in 2010. 
Rolling Stone included Jerry at number 68 on their list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time and Moby Grape's album 'Moby Grape' at number 124 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. 
The shrub layer is diverse, with plants including wayfaring-trees, guelder roses, spurge-laurel and the nationally uncommon oxlip. 
A total of fifteen half-hour episodes were made. 
Its 6-antenna broadcast transmission array is located in the Town of Vinland, on Wisconsin Highway 76. 
The Lagoni di Mercurago Nature Park, established in 1980, is a natural reserve in Piedmont, located in Mercurago, a hamlet near Arona, consisting of many lakes with swamp vegetation. 
There are a significant number of voice, speech, conferencing and fax applications that have been written over the last decade. 
Whilst the harvest of the year after the campaign was larger, there was a massive rise in locust numbers in the late 1950s, as a result of the significantly lower population of sparrows, a major predator of the locust. 
The interior floor of Seyfert is relatively level, and is marked by a number of tiny craterlets. 
The table below shows the 2007 ATP Masters Series schedule. 
He had a recurring role on iZombie as Vaughn du Clark. 
ATF's other functions, dealing with tax collection and regulation of legitimate trade, remained within the Treasury Department and became part of the new TTB. 
It is a major xanthophyll found in green leafy vegetables such as spinach. 
A similar approach is used with aquatic species. 
It served as a stagecoach stop, inn along the Erie Extension Canal, post office from 1842 to 1857, farm supply and general store, and stop on the Buffalo and Conneaut trolley line. 
The 2004 Danish Cup Final was the final and deciding match of the Danish Cup 2003-04. 
In 2015, Freeman began using the Gene Ween moniker again for live performances, and later that year they announced their first shows in years for 2016. 
Smallworld was acquired by GE Energy in September 2000. 
Virginia's 11th congressional district election, 2010 was an election held to determine who would represent Virginia's 11th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives during the 112th Congress. 
Koilodepas ferrugineum is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae. 
The original Dutch version was called Now or Neverland. 
Prisoners of the Casbah is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Gloria Grahame, Cesar Romero and Turhan Bey. 
The theory interprets all contractual obligations in terms of property rights, viewing a contract as a bundle of title transfers. 
Any given pyramidal cell in the stratum lucidum may get input from as many as 50 granule cells. 
CIB is RPF and NITF compliant. 
However, he was released early from prison, after President Bill Clinton extended a clemency offer in August 1999. 
The boat is backed up by search and rescue operations from 424 Transport and Rescue Squadron (at CFB Trenton). 
The Drakoo wave energy converter is a technological device that uses the motion of ocean surface waves to generate electricity. 
However, while affiliate programs provide incentives in the form of money or products, evangelist customers spread their recommendations and recruit new customers out of pure belief, not for the receipt of goods or money. 
It is currently commanded by a Lieutenant-Commander. 
Parts of the inner wall have terraced steps that form wide shelves along the edge. 
His 2007 anthology "Eight Dogs Named Jack" was published by Momentum Books. 
This plant occurs in openings in Florida scrub vegetation. 
The equestrian events at the 1956 Summer Olympics were held in Stockholm due to the Australian quarantine regulations and included dressage, eventing, and show jumping. 
Michael G. Sak (born 1959) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. 
Kerry Kenneth Ketter (born September 20, 1947) is a retired ice hockey player. 
Quantum Foods was unbundled from Pioneer Foods in October 2014 and is listed as a separate entity on the JSE. 
Chitinispirillum is a genus of bacteria from the family of Chitinispirillaceae with one known species (Chitinispirillum alkaliphilum). 
The two leaders were John Mason, an alleged murderer, and Tom McCauley, a California Gold Rush criminal using the alias Jim Henry. 
He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Harwich and North Essex since the 2010 general election. 
Filling a gap in what was a new research field, the journal was established in 2007 and is published by BioMed Central. 
Eventually, she got out of prostitution and, with her mother's support, went through drug rehabilitation, finished high school, and eventually received a diploma in Wife Assault and Child Advocacy from George Brown College. 
USS Gloucester was a gunboat in the United States Navy. 
Barriers may include curbs, concrete berms, posts, planting/median strips, walls, trenches, or fences. 
His self-produced full-length debut rock album, was completed in Summer 2015. 
Originally named Monroe Hill College, Brown opened in 1986 as the first modern residential college at the University of Virginia. 
V-A-C Foundation is an international non-profit private organization founded in 2009 with an emphasis on supporting contemporary art exhibitions and projects emerging from Russia and the former Soviet Union. 
The name is from two Greek words meaning "good" and "roof", due to their common use in roof thatching. 
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a Rath: the Black Fort (grid ref: H7442 8161). 
As a young player Van Hoyweghen began playing for K.F.C. V.W. Hamme before joining K.S.K. Beveren in 1988. 
The following are the basketball events of the year 1898 throughout the world. 
Carpostalagma signata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. 
Donnelly made his senior inter-county debut during the 1927 championship. 
There is an open-source implementation with performance analysis and benchmarks, and HTML documentation . 
Moreover, it called for the lifting of the state of War, nationalization of key industries, release of political prisoners, land reform, the right to strike, swift holding of elections and the return of West Irian (West Papua) to Indonesia. 
First Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as First United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 200 S. 200 East in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
The Congress of the People was a gathering held in Kliptown on 26 June 1955 to lay out the vision of the South African people. 
His interests are primarily in Metaphysics and the philosophy of Leibniz. 
Because Rosport's stadium was not up to UEFA standards, the match was played at Stade Josy Barthel, the stadium of the Luxembourg national team. 
Sargodha Cricket Stadium is a cricket stadium located in Sargodha, Punjab, Pakistan . 
Marvin John Jensen was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. 
Her other notable film roles include playing Grandmother Topouzoglou in Elia Kazan's 1963 movie America, America (nominated for the Oscar for Best Picture), the role of Cla-Cla in Mel Ferrer's 1959 film Green Mansions, the mother of Ruby Dee in Edge of the City (1957), and Catherine in Robert Mulligan's 1965 movie Baby the Rain Must Fall. 
Some of his commissions have come from World Library Publications, The CUBE Ensemble and Immaculate Conception in Chicago. 
MacKenzie is known for establishing and commanding Sector Sarajevo as part of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) in the former Yugoslavia in 1992. 
Although licensed as a broadcast translator prohibited from carrying its own programming, it broadcasts under a legal loophole allowed by the Federal Communications Commission, by simulcasting on HD Radio channel 2 of WJMZ FM 107.3, allowing such stations to sidestep the restriction on translators, as well as regulations regarding the excessive concentration of media ownership by a single company in a given media market. 
In 2004, the album was re-released under the title Seven New Version. 
Also, the former senatorial districts were not used; instead voting was done nationwide as one at-large district. 
Most race meetings have the classes spread over two grids, with the 1000 and 1400 cars on one, and the 2000 classes on another. 
While tracing the various aspects of his creativity, the book provides the influences that shaped him and gives a kaleidoscopic view of his six-decade long artistic journey from Kerala, Mahe, Santiniketan, Slade School in England, and later in various cities of Europe and America. 
Second Empire is an architectural style, most popular in the latter half of the 19th century and early years of the 20th century. 
McHale must lead his men across the treacherous Gobi Desert to the sea coast. 
This is a list of French football transfers for the 2010 winter transfer window. 
Mitromorpha maraisi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae. 
Tranylcypromine is a propylamine formed from the cyclization of amphetamine's side chain; therefore, it is classified as a substituted amphetamine. 
This Is M.E. is the thirteenth studio album by American rock/pop musician Melissa Etheridge, released on September 30, 2014 by Etheridge's own label ME Records, which is distributed by Primary Wave Records. 
Kincardine and Deeside had been lost by the Conservatives to the Liberal Democrats in the last by-election of the parliament. 
WSEZ broadcasts an Oldies format and is owned by Diamond Shores Broadcasting, LLC. 
The origins of the name Baxter Creek is unknown, but historians believe it to be from a family which once owned land in the area. 
Pratyoush Onta is a Nepali historian and editor based at Martin Chautari. 
The village maintains the Kempley Tardis (a redundant telephone box) - a National Lottery funded project supported by English Heritage. 
The list of ship launches in 1852 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1852. 
Gerard Way has said that a shared theme of the Young Animal comics is "relationships between parents and children." 
The 2015 Wolverhampton City Council election took place on 7 May 2015, to elect members of Wolverhampton City Council in England. 
The Faulkner House is now being preserved under its stewardship. 
The initial organization was in part due to the recent Audit Commission response which proposed a rationalization of primary education to remove middle schools. 
The final was won 5-2 by Team Canada over host HC Davos. 
Who We Are on June 18, 2007 and was then solicited to mainstream radio on November 13, 2007. 
This Could Be the Night. 
Schoenobius sagitella is a moth in the family Crambidae. 
The Dutch Marathon Championships is a speed skating event composed of two championships. 
Kevin Christopher Minter (born December 3, 1990) is an American football linebacker for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). 
The premise of the episode is that of a group of cloaked aliens performing scientific experiments on the Voyager crew, and the effect the experiments have on the various crew members. 
The franchise currently includes several independently owned locations across Central New Jersey. 
Its major themes are language and determinism. 
Golden Spoon Frozen Yogurt is a frozen yogurt retail chain headquartered in Rancho Santa Margarita, California. 
He is listed as one of the wealthiest individuals in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community. 
Panfilov Street Promenade is a promenade located in Almaty, Kazakhstan. 
Composed of prominent political, scientific and industrial figures, the Interim Committee had broad terms of reference which included advising the President on wartime controls and the release of information, and making recommendations on post-war controls and policies related to nuclear energy, including legislation. 
The Bateson, later de Yarburgh-Bateson Baronetcy, of Belvoir Park in the County of Down, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 18 December 1818. 
The couple is often called "T&B" or "TnB" (for Todd and Blair) by fans on Internet message boards. 
Pleuronectinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family, comprising 27 genera and 62 extant species (there are also fossil species, including two Clidoderma). 
Residents Rally were led by Canberra human rights barrister and lawyer, Bernard Collaery. 
The Women's 200 individual medley event at the 2010 Commonwealth Games took place on October 4, 2010, at the SPM Swimming Pool Complex. 
It ceased to exist when it merged with the Corporate Town of Port Adelaide on 7 December 1886 as the Birkenhead Ward, a move supported by the council and the local population. 
In 2003, Urban & Fischer was acquired by Elsevier. 
It is endemic to the Mariana Islands and Guam. 
Common names for plants in this genus include blue cohosh, squaw root, and papoose root. 
Cobb also played for the Michigan Panthers in the USFL during the 1983 and 1984 seasons where he caught 118 passes for 1,319 yards with 10 touchdowns. 
Kodibail is a locality of Uppala in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala, India. 
CKCR is owned by Bell Media and airs an adult contemporary format under the EZ Rock on-air brand. 
Flight to Romance is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero, released in 1956, under contract with RCA Victor. 
However, there are also a large number of tropical species with populations so small that they are thought not to maintain populations be breeding at the Houtman Abrolhos. 
The Looking Glass is a Space Tribe album published in 2005 by Spiritzone. 
Jeffery Donaldson is a Canadian poet and critic. 
Jerry Turek (born 2 April 1975) is a former Canadian tennis player. 
This list is based on the Handbook of Australian, New Zealand and Antarctic Birds list, May 2002 update, with the doubtfuls omitted. 
The IWFFA has won numerous awards such as the Dick Butkas Award for their website, 1996 National Sports Emmy Award for "Football America" TNT/NFL Films chosen outstanding edited sports special (Kelly McGillis Classic). 
Aeshna septentrionalis, the azure darner, is a species of darner in the family of dragonflies known as Aeshnidae. 
Esalen was founded by Stanford graduates Michael Murphy and Dick Price in 1962. 
The flower is cream to pale brownish yellow in color. 
In algebraic geometry, a Gorenstein scheme is a locally Noetherian scheme whose local rings are all Gorenstein. 
Public water supply and sanitation in Scotland is characterized by universal access and generally good service quality. 
His third was Tarzan of the Apes. 
Phyllosticta anacardiacearum is a plant pathogen infecting mangoes. 
Hilarographa opistocapna is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. 
The league is the largest amateur league in Australia and consists of seven senior divisions (with each club in the first 3 divisions fielding 3 teams, and all clubs fielding 2). 
Local student radio station Contact FM has been running the event since 2008. 
As of 2014 there were only 4.9 full-time equivalent posts and the only court they sit in was the Justice of the Peace Court in Glasgow. 
Both of these openings reduced the weight of the skull. 
The team previously played at Stadio Nicola Perrone. 
From there, it spread to various provinces and Spanish kingdoms, particularly to Catalonia, the current Rioja, Avila (Castile and Leon) and America. 
Blue Chip Economic Indicators is a monthly survey and associated publication by the Blue Chip Publications division of Aspen Publishers collecting macroeconomic forecasts related to the economy of the United States. 
Founded by Donnchad I, Earl of Fife (owner of much of northern East Lothian) around 1150, the priory lasted for more than four centuries, declining and disappearing after the Scottish Reformation. 
The album abandons much of the folk lyrical content typical of the previous studio album, Songs from the Wood (1977), in exchange for a more realist perspective on the changing world - the album is dedicated to the "indigenous working ponies and horses of Great Britain". 
The Battle of the Florida Mountains was an action of the Apache Wars. 
Gait holds the Syracuse career goals record at 192 and the single-season goals record at 70, an NCAA record until 2008. 
At festivals, hard copies of the magazine are also printed and circulated. 
The Secretary-General stated, "UN members are entitled whether to vote for or against the Palestinian statehood recognition at the UN." 
I (German: Heinrich, died 23 June 1018), known as Henry the Strong (German: Heinrich der Starke), was the Margrave of Austria from 994 to his death in 1018. 
Some countries prohibit dual citizenship holders from serving in their military, on police forces or holding certain public offices. 
Howison earned his PGA Tour card through qualifying school in 1994. 
Whatchamacallit is a candy bar marketed in the United States by The Hershey Company. 
The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Alfred P. Sloan Feature Film Prize, and subsequently screened at such festivals as South by Southwest and the Maryland Film Festival. 
It was a twin-engined biplane that was intended to operate from Japanese aircraft carriers, but proved to be unsuitable for carrier use, and the eleven aircraft built were instead used as land-based trainers. 
Following his retirement, he became a physiotherapist for Forest and later opened his own private practice. 
She competed in the Australian Open 6 times, from 1987 to 1993. 
She also runs Save The Children India, an NGO set up by her late mother Vipula Kadri, in 1988. 
All versions have the same height (1780 mm), width (1815 mm) and wheelbase (3000 mm); the length varies depending on the configuration: 5155 mm for the version "Single Cab", 5275 mm for a cabin "extended version" and 5285 mm for pick-up to "double cab". 
In 2006 under the presidency of Dr Richard L. Hills the association celebrated its 150th Anniversary with a civic reception for the engineering community held at Manchester Town Hall. 
Along with third- and fourth-generation German-Australians, the group includes singers with Dutch, British, Polish and Irish backgrounds. 
T.P. Wiseman finds it likely that Cincius wrote "a Pausanias-like guide to the antiquities of the Capitol (if not the whole city)," including a collection of old inscriptions, and makes a jurist of him as well with a work De officio iurisconsulti. 
It has no title there. 
He also practices law in Clarksdale at the firm Johnson Bobo. 
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Thamnochrolechia verticillata, found in Papua New Guinea. 
His Majesty's Dragon, published in the UK as Temeraire, is the first novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. 
The MacArthur Chambers building and sites adjacent to the building, comprising an entire city block, were redeveloped in the late 1990s, creating the shopping mall MacArthur Central. 
In 1914, donations by the tiny village of Middlemarch, New Zealand of items such as tobacco, shirts and tinned fruit for soldiers going to fight in World War I, included "26 cholera belts". 
He succeeded Sun Bigan in 2009 as China's Special Envoy on the Middle East Issue. 
The pads were attached to a horse collar at its upper end, right below where the two arms of the collar are buckled together. 
For the types of Spazio Interiore are published in Italy works of Alejandro Jodorowsky, Claudio Naranjo, Aryeh Kaplan, Rick Strassman, Stanislav Grof, Robert Monroe, E. J. Gold. 
He played 128 games in the World Hockey Association with the Indianapolis Racers and Cleveland Crusaders. 
The title "Royal" was granted by her Majesty Queen Victoria in 1880 and the Society became known by its present designation. 
It is likely that she was the wife of Montuherkhepeshef, a son of Ramesses III. 
Masushio attended the University of California, Berkeley where he earned a BA and New York University where he earned an MFA.Masushio has exhibited internationally and participated in an artist residency at Denniston Hill in Glen Wild, NY. 
This is the longest row remaining on Sydney's North Shore and the second longest row in Australia. 
He has received five Gospel Music Association Dove Awards for songwriting. 
Sea of Darkness is the 32nd installment in the Nancy Drew point-and-click adventure game series by Her Interactive. 
It is native to British Columbia, Oregon, Washington State and California, where it grows in woods and especially in clay and serpentine soils. 
The Bill seeks to provide legislative backing to the Regional Center and also confers upon it the status of an institution of national importance. 
T11 athletes competed in the T12 marathon, against athletes with severe visual impairment (T12). 
The Parish is mainly agricultural land between Tullamore, New South Wales and Peak Hill, New South Wales. 
He served as Archbishop of Luanda from 1986 to 2001, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1983. 
While the story is set in London, the film was shot in Bucharest, Romania. 
The town is mostly blueberry fields. 
He is the President of Aiki Kai Australia and a member of the Senior Council of the International Aikido Federation. 
Carpenter's Local #106 acquired the building in 1981 and used it for meetings and as a place to train apprentices. 
Holland Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form in Holland Park, London, England. 
The station was opened in 1941 along with the Penfield line. 
It states that a distribution of accelerated charges will radiate if and only if it has Fourier components synchronous with waves traveling at the speed of light. 
Pippin is a website providing information on the different cultivars of apple, cherry and plums. 
The Qahatika, according to Curtis, managed to find land suitable for growing wheat. 
The AFSCN provides tracking data to help maintain the catalog of space objects and distributes various data such as satellite ephemeris, almanacs, and other information. 
Here, Garberg had for a long time marked himself as an unconventional host, and often criticized the established politicians and the current immigration-policy. 
A gas cracker device splits the molecule at a rate much greater than that normally found in nature. 
Historically the club has been successful with 15 Danish championships medals divided on both genders. 
Before the separate federal Department of Education was created in 1979, it was called the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW). 
A public call office (PCO) is a telephone facility located in a public place in India and Pakistan. 
His large-scale Spiderman mural was recently featured in the major exhibition 'Marvel: Creating The Cinematic Universe' at the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art. 
An extremely critical fire weather event is the greatest threat level issued by the NWS Storm Prediction Center (SPC) for wildfire events in the United States. 
It is often seen in cemeteries and clearings for power lines. 
Sneazwell won the 1963 Helms Award as the most outstanding amateur athlete in Australasia. 
The concept debuted December 18, 2009. 
In 1991 the Observer was bought by New Times Media. 
The Irish Planning Institute (IPI) is an all-island professional body representing professional planners engaged in physical and environmental planning in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. 
In Your Eyes, set in New Mexico and New Hampshire, follows Dylan and Rebecca. 
In the past ten years, three new public schools have opened in the Seabrook area to serve area students, including Whale Branch Early College High School. 
Mohammed Shafiullah Khan (born in Fiji) is a judge of the Supreme Court of Nauru, appointed in 2014. 
Several models simulate schizophrenia defects. 
Rog-O-Matic is a bot developed in 1981 to play and win the computer game Rogue, by four graduate students in the Computer Science Department at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh: Andrew Appel, Leonard Hamey, Guy Jacobson and Michael Loren Mauldin. 
It features guest appearances from Nicki Minaj, Lil Uzi Vert, and 21 Savage, with production from Southside, DJ Spinz, Rex Kudo, and Charlie Handsome. 
It was released on December 19, 2007 and debuted at #2 on the Oricon Daily Charts, ending as #3 overall for the week. 
The following is a list of squads for each nation competing at the 2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in New Zealand. 
Unlicensed, but equivalent, versions may be called Spanish blackjack. 
The borough has (on January 1, 2008) 40,846 inhabitants. 
It had its world premiere at the 2013 London Film Festival. 
The chemical formula is Ca3Fe2(SiO4)3 with chromium substitution as the cause of the demantoid green color. 
That is, the graph should have no edges that start within the closure and end outside the closure. 
There have been several liturgical books used in American Presbyterian Churches. 
The station serves a historic community near Washington, D.C. that was a summer retreat for many of its citizens during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, but that recently have become year-round residences without destroying the outward appearance of the original structures in the community. 
Aldisa alabastrina is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae. 
Sixteen years later, on July 2, 1881, President James A. Garfield was shot by Charles J. Guiteau, surviving for over two months before dying on September 19, 1881. 
He previously served as an associate attorney for the law firm of Cowles and Thompson and on the state board of the Texas Juvenile Justice Department. 
NGC 1309 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 120 million light-years away, appearing in the constellation Eridanus. 
The Sex Offenders Act 1997 (c.51) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which made various sex offenders (defined as anyone who has been convicted of sexual offenses, ) subject to notification requirements, thereby implementing a sex offenders registry. 
BRP Emilio Liwanag (PG-118) is a Tomas Batillo class fast attack craft of the Philippine Navy. 
A live version of the song appears on the album Rush in Rio released in 2003. 
Nessman coached at the high school and community college levels before becoming an assistant basketball coach at California in 2004. 
Christopher Norton Moore (born 1 June 1947) is a British illustrator, particularly noted for his book covers, especially in the field of science fiction. 
The film had its world premiere at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival. 
Documentation and training videos are provided with the open-source OSF application. 
The race was won by the Sirena racing driver pairing of Danish driver Allan Simonsen and his co-driver Tim Leahey who joined the team just for this race. 
It was the 21st Australian national series for Formula Fords. 
Joseph Culp (born January 9, 1963) is an American actor and director. 
Anthony F. Gregorc is best known for his theory of a Mind Styles Model and its associated Style Delineator. 
Finally, the Lychniscosa, with the most tightly interlocking spicules is first found in rocks of Triassic age. 
The car was brought back after World War I with a multi-valve engine to bring fame to the marque at Brescia. 
He founded a project at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society that develops classroom tools. 
The 9th Air Division was a land-based aviation force of the Imperial Japanese Army. 
In England and Wales, Strategic Flood Risk Assessments (SFRAs) are a required part of the local planning process, as set out in Planning Policy Statement 25, produced by the Department for Communities and Local Government. 
Between 1964 and July 1965, he was the lead guitarist of an early rock band that would later become Pink Floyd. 
The institute was founded in 1999 at the Radboud University in Nijmegen. 
Microsoft announced Chromeffects as an add-on for Windows 98 to play 3D graphics and video through a web browser or in separate player software, for ads with flashing text and other animation, or to generate user interface enhancements for Web-based applications. 
Laguna has been investigated multiple times by several archeological teams and has yielded several finds. 
The song was used for the 1992 biopic Sinatra, starring Philip Casnoff; Frank Sinatra performs the song on stage at the Paramount Theater. 
Cricket was played at both club and county level equally through the next hundred years, and it was only in the 1870s that county cricket started to be played frequently and regularly: in 1870 there were 22 regular fixtures, while ten years later there were 188.The title of "Champion County" was awarded intermittently and unreliably from 1826, with no team other than Kent, Surrey or Sussex being named champions until 1852. 
Westringia senifolia, commonly known as alpine westringia, is a shrub that is endemic to Victoria, Australia. 
The demand for ECD waxed mesh now hit a national level. 
About a year later, they signed a record deal with Dunwich Records, changed their name to The Luv'd Ones, and released several more singles over a five-year period, mostly written by Char Vinnedge. 
The 2012 national convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars was held in Reno, and U.S. president Barack Obama gave a speech. 
Archeria racemosa is a species of shrub in the heath family (Ericaceae). 
IFC Films is an American film production and distribution company based in New York City. 
In addition, cross-cultural psychology can be distinguished from international psychology which centers around the global expansion of psychology especially during recent decades. 
Carl Johann Otto Busse (22 September 1834, Berlin - 3 December 1896, Berlin) was a German architect and master builder. 
This is a perennial herb producing leaning or erect reddish green stems and branches generally under 50 centimeters tall. 
Crouch End is an area of North London, approximately 5 miles from the City of London in the western half of the borough of Haringey. 
Anthropology Workshop (JAWS) developed out of a "growing international interest in the anthropology of Japan," and the first conference was organized in Oxford in March 1984. 
Thus, players began to use oversized plectrums for the shamisen instead of the fingers, and the 1st string was purposely laid lower at the nut of the instrument so that it purposely vibrated against the wood of the instrument, producing the desired buzzing sound quality. 
This was the first title ever for Hong Kong. 
Chastity is a 1969 American romantic drama film directed by Alessio de Paola and starring American singer-actress Cher, in her first solo film role. 
Ambassador Frank G. Wisner is Chairman of the Board of the Institute. 
All other instruments and programming were performed by both Matheos and Moore, while vocals and lyrics were handled exclusively by Moore. 
Despite being small in size, they carried a large 76 mm gun. 
Microsoft DirectCompute is an application programming interface (API) that supports running compute kernels on general-purpose computing on graphics processing units on Microsoft's Windows Vista, Windows 7 and later versions. 
It largely replaced the Aoraki electorate, but included parts of the Rakaia electorate as well. 
Lebanon's reaction to the draft was very negative. 
Play School was a New Zealand educational television show for children. 
Their songs are mainly about girls and relationship with the occasional political song. 
He later found employment with the sports attache at the Australian Embassy in Paris and late as a senior adviser to the Victorian sports minister. 
Larvae have been reared on Turnera odorata. 
Fusiturris pfefferi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae. 
"Gorgeous" received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who generally praised the intricacy of the production, the quality of the guest features and the rock music inspired esthetic of the song. 
By the spring Jill Scott ended her headlining tour during the winter, she was invited to join rock singer Sting on his US tour. 
Peter Barran (born 30 December 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Stereomerus lineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
They released two albums, Sojourn and Escaping Entropy. 
On 1 August 2017, SnowWorld, Genting Bowl and Funtasy World Video Games Park within the plaza were also closed to make way for the development work of the new indoor theme park. 
Ithycythara penelope is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae. 
Following the backlash to these statements he stepped down as an active member of NormalBoots. 
Carcase for Hounds received mixed reviews. 
This is mainly because men often cut their hair very low as opposed to women, allowing the hair to prick the occipital scalp thereby causing irritation. 
Past celebrity sponsors have included Blackalicious, Charles Brown, Cake, Tracy Chapman, Les Claypool, The Doobie Brothers, Green Day, John Lee Hooker, Metallica, Rancid, Carlos Santana and The Donnas. 
An official book, entitled "The Inside Story", written by Geoff Tibballs, was also published to coincide with the first series. 
He was drafted with the 12th overall pick in the 2009 NBA draft by the Charlotte Bobcats. 
Dinmont was a stopping place and railway station in Victoria, Australia. 
It is characterized by abdominal pain, and fever if infected. 
It is named after Saint Margaret, wife of King Malcolm III of Scotland. 
The community lies to the west of Baltimore along the city's border. 
The Tetapaga Syncline, also known as the Lake Tetapaga Syncline, is a northeasterly trending syncline in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, located in Strathy Township of the municipality of Temagami. 
It was named in 2002 as successor to the Teldec Studio, operated by Teldec Classics and, earlier, by Telefunken, on the same premises, and it underwent a major upgrade the following year. 
After retirement, O'Donoghue began working for the LTA as a coach and currently coaches British junior, Katy Dunne. 
Ahmed Nadeem (born 26 October 1976) is a United Arab Emirati cricketer. 
Curtis has created some of his own art which has been exhibited at Harvard. 
The village is famous for the Our Lady of Snow church located at the heart of the Terku (South) Kallikulam. 
Fighting Falcon are fully featured and modeled. 
Phaea acromela is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
In 1965, the union renamed itself as the Scottish Metal Workers' Union, in the hope of attracting a wider membership, but this did not succeed, and instead in 1968 it merged into the General and Municipal Workers' Union. 
Bothriomyrmex anastasiae is a species of ant in the genus Bothriomyrmex. 
It is endemic to rainforests on Enggano Island off Sumatra in Indonesia. 
Kresh, also known as Kresh-Ndogo and Gbaya-Ndogo, is a Central Sudanic language of South Sudan and the prestige variety of the Kresh languages. 
The SPACETRACK program represents a worldwide Space Surveillance Network (SSN) of dedicated, collateral, and contributing electro-optical, passive radio frequency (RF) and radar sensors. 
Not to be confused with Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. 
Carving out a living as a factory worker, cabinet-maker, English teacher and transit bus driver, Vintar broke into the film business when he sold three original screenplays in the span of five months. 
He migrated to the Midwestern United States in 1972. 
The LRTA Class 1200 is a high floor LRV of the Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA) in the Philippines, which began operation in 2006. 
All-Ireland victory was their third in-in-row. 
Pteropurpura vokesae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails. 
The SAID Foundation took over operations of the station in early 2008 and operated it under the name Foundation Radio, where community matters. 
The company created some of the first commercial video-on-demand and video streaming products. 
It was primarily used for ice hockey as the home arena for HC Dynamo Moscow until the year 2000, in which the club moved to Luzhniki Small Sports Arena. 
The Gillies Fillies' Stakes Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to fillies and mares aged three years or older. 
HMS Fearless (L10) was a Royal Navy ship that served from 1965 until 2002. 
Barakula is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. 
The game was the first 2D side-scrolling game for the Nintendo 64, and Treasure's first release for a Nintendo console. 
He attributed his success partly to his employer BDO, for which he works for on a part-time basis. 
In reality, the Beatles did release twelve albums, thirteen if Magical Mystery Tour is included. 
Main factors that contribute to this issue include poor management of resources, lack of government regulation, and man made waste. 
This town has historical importance dating back to 7th Century AD. 
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 12, 1994. 
It is also referred to as Steel City of Punjab or "Loha Mandi" due to its large number of steel factories. 
The university was established in 2001. 
Oryza is a genus in the Poaceae family of plants, of which Oryza sativa (cultivated rice) is a member. 
The GBC 111 Velobind machine has been discontinued for many years and the supplies for this binding style are becoming difficult to find. 
Rice cutgrass, in contrast, has leaf sheaths round enough to cause painful scratches, flowering heads with two or more branches at the lowermost nodes, larger and barely overlapping spikelets, and more elongated rhizomes with the scales usually not overlapping. 
Achyranthes mutica (also called blunt chaff flower) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family. 
The 2000 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. 
He was Leader of the Opposition in Barbados from 1 August 1993 to 6 September 1994; and from 23 October 2010 to 21 February 2013. 
In the fourth article, Egypt agreed to permit the passage of newly-appointed Abunas to Ethiopia. 
Its code is LAR. 
While RSCP can be defined generally for any CDMA system, it is more specifically used in UMTS. 
Ipsectrace is only available for the Linux operating system. 
Between 2002 and 2011, the Smith Ranch - Highland operation has produced 15 million pounds U3O8. 
The New York Times said it was "superabundant in charm, wit and soul". 
Dembo holds a bachelor's degree in anthropology with a minor in classical civilizations from the University of Tennessee and a master's degree in classical archeology from the University of British Columbia. 
Jacob Doyle Corman Jr. (born September 17, 1932) is a former member of the Pennsylvania Senate. 
It was a much-anticipated release, as Embrace had not released any new material for three years. 
General Purpose Standing Committee Committee for Children and Young People Committee on the Office of the Valuer-General Standing Committee on Social IssuesShe was the Legislative Council Representative on the Council of the University of Newcastle between 7 May 2003 and 21 December 2004. 
Tommy Griffin is a former Irish Gaelic football player for Kerry and current player with An Daingean. 
The park along with Mount Morrison Civilian Conservation Corps Camp were added to the National Historic Landmarks program in 2015. 
Pachyceramyia robusta is a species of house fly the family Muscidae. 
The novel explores the 1920s and 30s worker experience through the eyes of Larry Donovan. 
The original production starred Venkatesh Harinathan, who also translated the play. 
The band's sound is typically loud and aggressive, though the group cites composers Philip Glass and Sun Ra as compositional influences. 
Brian Emanuel Nieva (born April 18, 1990 in Avellaneda (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for J.J. de Urquiza of the Primera C in Argentine. 
Maharani Kanchan Prava Devi the daughter of the HH Sir Maharaja Yadenvdra Singh, the King of Panna State and the wife of the King of Tripura State, Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarman and regent from 1947 to 1949.She ruled Tripura overseeing the merger and incorporation into Independent India. 
He teaches at St. Lawrence University. 
It references the hot springs near today's city center. 
On November 27, 2009, he lost his title in a unification match against WBC Champion Oleydong Sithsamerchai. 
In 2007 the district was rated "excellent" by the Ohio Department of Education, the highest rating, for the eighth consecutive year. 
The player controls a person piloting a helicopter-like flying device over an ocean, and competing with other computer-controlled pilots. 
Whilst the board is an independent body, it is responsible to the General Manager of Land and Property Information, currently Des Mooney (presently Chairman of the board); who reports to the Director General of the Department of Finance and Services, currently Michael Coutts-Trotter. 
Orculella cretimaxima is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Orculidae. 
The anthem "Rock Me" became a hit single, charting in September 1987, and is one of Great White's best known songs. 
He was also the Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Schneider Electric. 
McNeill is a Council member of Action on Smoking and Health and is a trustee of the Society for the Study of Addiction and of Tobacco Free Futures. 
It was abolished in 1976 and succeeded by East 'Are'are (which was won by Kenilorea, who went on to be appointed the Islands' first Chief Minister) and West 'Are'are (in which Kausimae was elected). 
Lucia Poli (born 14 June 1940), is an Italian actress, playwright and stage director. 
Chlamys australis, common name the "austral scallop", is a species of scallop, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae, the scallops. 
In other words, it allows the testing of individual differences in patterns of responses over time (i.e. growth curves). 
It runs 36.2 miles south-to-north through the center of Beaver County, in the Panhandle, running from the Texas state line to the Kansas state line. 
She was a college basketball player at Auburn. 
The strip has appeared at 1UP.com until September 30, 2009 when the blog ended and Norm promised to continue the comic at spookingtons.com. 
Shankar Sampingiraj (born 14 December 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who currently plays primarily as a defensive midfielder for Bengaluru FC in the I-League. 
It is found in Bhutan, China, India, Nepal, and Pakistan. 
The Duplicate, published in 1988, is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator. 
The maxim operated with another, in pari causa turpitudinis cessat repetitio (where both parties are guilty, no one may recover), to preclude a court from intervening in a dispute involving an unlawful transaction. 
Acton Town station was opened as Mill Hill Park on 1 July 1879 by the District Railway (DR, now the District line). 
Modern damped moving iron mechanisms can provide respectable sound quality, and are used in headphones. 
In addition to her duties in Illinois, Hutchinson also currently serves as the President of National Conference of State Legislatures. 
It was first dropped on SoundCloud on 8 July 2015 and will be released on 18 September 2015. 
With the NFC East championship in sight, however, the Cardinals stumbled in December, losing to the Detroit Lions, New York Giants and Washington Redskins to finish at 8-5-1 and in third place in the division behind Dallas and the Giants. 
The film's cast also includes Louis Ferreira, London Juno, Damir Andrei and Earl Pastko. 
The population in 2007 was 9,392. 
Since its founding in 1999, it has invested in 28 companies. 
He and fellow 2011 inductee Brian Lima of Samoa are the first members of the IRB Hall from nations outside of the traditional top tier of the sport. 
He was the president of the Hale Elevator Company, one of the first hydraulic elevator companies in the United States. 
He is an assistant coach for the Arizona Coyotes. 
He is the curator of the David H. Koch Hall of Human Origins at the Smithsonian. 
Awarded the silver Guy Medal in 1940. 
Since the beginning of his musical career around 1987, he has been credited on numerous records from a diverse list of artists that includes Kylie, Sybil, Bananarama, Lisa Scott-Lee, Jason Donavon, and Rick Astley. 
Mateship is an Australian cultural idiom that embodies equality, loyalty and friendship, usually among men. 
Denberg was discovered by producers at a drama competition; she was invited to audition and got the gig. 
As Crystal Lake's second oldest school, it was constructed from 1976 to 1978 and opened in September 1978 after Crystal Lake Community High School, now Crystal Lake Central High School, split into two schools due to the pressures of the population growth in the communities it served, Crystal Lake, and part of Lake in the Hills. 
The following lists events that happened during 1977 in New Zealand. 
The crash opens a number of startling revelations as stories of everything from government cover-ups and smuggling, to embezzlement and murder start to unravel. 
Billbergia brasiliensis is a species in the genus Billbergia. 
This is a list of airlines that have operated the McDonnell Douglas MD-90. 
Coast Salish peoples associate the rock with A'yahos, a "malevolent and dangerous" spirit, capable of shapeshifting, who sometimes appears in a two-headed serpent form, who is associated with other earthquake-related areas like landslides near the Seattle Fault. 
It features bunches of nasal mucus and their adventures. 
It can also accept and "clean up and enhance" or "distort" live television camera imagery. 
Those missions are generally classified, so that their exact purposes and orbital elements are not published. 
Principal cities include: Bristol, Hartford, and Torrington. 
Usually the hardware device considered to be crippleware can be upgraded to better or its full potential by way of a trivial change, such as removing a jumper wire. 
He had no sons and on his death in 1755, the line of the second Baronet failed. 
Witness for the Prosecution is a 1957 American courtroom drama film with film noir elements. 
He is noted for his excavations at Shortugai. 
The crossed hammers symbolize industry and mining, the trademarks of the first products produced in the town. 
His work was strongly influenced by the newly developed red-figure style. 
The film was released on August 25, 1929, by Fox Film Corporation. 
On the island is a converted monastery used as an institution for political prisoners. 
Members included: Aaron Arseneau (bass), Josh Boley (drums), Mark McLennan (guitar) and Ryder Thalheimer (vocals). 
Ben Parry (born 1965) is a British musician, composer, conductor, singer, arranger and producer in both classical and light music fields. 
One notable sample from the album is the use of the violin from Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's 1888 piece Scheherazade on the second track of the album, "Artificial Horizon". 
The content up to 1234 or 1235 is primarily based on Flores Historiarum by Roger of Wendover (d. 1236), with additions; after that date the material is Paris's own, written in his own hand from the entry for 1213 onward. 
The Transit Enforcement Unit is the transit law enforcement division of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 
The crossing had always been tolled, and from 1 April 2003 this became a charge, though since 2008 it has been free from 10 pm to 6 am. 
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Peticus and Poplicola (or, less frequently, year 401 Ab urbe condita). 
For the very first recording sessions he recruited the British band Skin. 
It was fought between the Athenians and the Boeotians, who were allies of the Spartans, and ended with the siege of Delium in the following weeks. 
The Sables de Glos is a geologic formation in France. 
Montrose is a town in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States. 
DNS blocking can be applied to individual servers/IP address, or entire blocks of IP addresses. 
He taught undergraduate and graduate courses in electrical circuit theory, filters, and analog integrated electronics, and advised industry in subjects relating to broadband analog and high-speed digital integrated circuit analysis, design, and modeling. 
The first season of Chinese Million Star, began on July 3, 2011, is a Taiwanese televised singing competition, the last episode aired on January 8, 2012, with a special episode airing on January 15, 2012. 
The album topped Billboard's charts in 1959.The album was recorded in mono. 
They are located within the square block bordered by West Seventh, West Eighth, Guadalupe, and San Antonio streets. 
Recommendations to the Queen for the award of the Medal are made by a committee of eminent scholars and authors chaired by the Poet Laureate. 
It has been certified triple platinum with sales over three million albums. 
It won numerous awards, including nine Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and a Peabody Award. 
A video broadcast service, Hitz Television, made its debut in July 2007 by using video service, YouTube, to broadcast According to Radio Today, Hitz Radio came under fire from some in the UK radio industry. 
Other names used for this line include Mazda Bravo (Australia), Mazda Bounty (New Zealand), Mazda Magnum/Thunder/Fighter (Thailand), and Mazda Drifter (South Africa). 
The following tables compare general and technical information for notable computer cluster software. 
In the game, the player pilots a biplane and must save animals and a royal family from gorillas holding them captured. 
Cheating at Solitaire is the first solo album from Social Distortion frontman Mike Ness. 
The 5-minute videos follow Froelich to destinations on every continent where she interviews local residents to learn about their unique culture. 
Alaparthi Sivanagaprasad Chowdary, known professionally as P. A. Arun Prasad, is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer known for his works in Telugu, Tamil and Kannada cinema. 
Her term began in 2011 and she resigned her seat, effective February 1, 2012, to accept the position director of Medicaid in the Kansas Department of Health and Environment. 
He was also featured in the Adele music video for "Hello". 
It has 1,600 parking spaces, making it by far the largest parking lot in the SEPTA system. 
Despite being told he is Johnson's favorite, Gabriel becomes confrontational with her in one case regarding a former gang member turned politician and another from beating a confession out of a suspected child molester. 
An ordinary election for six judges of the International Criminal Court was held during the resumption of the 4th session of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court in New York on 26 January 2006. 
The Society acquires, restores, preserves and provides for public display, aircraft and other objects, documents, items and things of present or historical interest or value in connection with the development and history of aviation in the State of Colorado. 
He appeared in more than thirty films from 1953 to 1987. 
The original focus of the series was influenced by conspiracy films of the 1970s such as Three Days of the Condor and The Parallax View, in which an innocent character is caught up in, and slowly unravels, a major conspiracy. 
American actor Nick Cannon plays the part of Nivea's boyfriend, and lip-synchs Kelly's parts. 
Ocean City, Maryland has several events catered to Senior Week which include Play it Safe, the Ocean City Car Show, & Dew Tour. 
However, his most important roles are being Director of Football and coaching the successful 1st XI Football team. 
He played college basketball for Tennessee State. 
Benjamin died by murder in 1881, during the couple's tenure at this house. 
Music for 'Bubble' is an album by Robert Pollard, released in 2005. 
The tech building consists of a computer lab, the weight room, and the seminar room. 
Serricchio returned briefly in 2008, when it is revealed Diego is alive and terrorizing the citizens of Port Charles as the Text Message Killer. 
The Jupiter team aircraft are equipped with white smoke generators. 
Murray has been interviewed widely, such as NPR, the New York Times, and physician education sites. 
MapGuide Open Source is a web-based map-making platform that enables users to quickly develop and deploy web mapping applications and geospatial web services. 
Roadworks (called road work or road construction in the United States) occur when part of the road, or in rare cases, the entire road, has to be occupied for work relating to the road, most often in the case of road surface repairs. 
The Residents originally got their name when the demo tape they recorded in 1971 (later called The Warner Bros. Album) was rejected and returned to "residents," since no name of the band had been provided. 
For many applications however, the products are inserted into the carton manually. 
The Pactum Lotharii is an agreement signed on February 23, 840 between Republic of Venice and the Carolingian Empire, during the respective governments of Pietro Tradonico and Lothair I.This document was one of the first acts to testify to the separation between the nascent Republic of Venice and the Byzantine Empire: for the first time the Doge, on its own initiative, undertook agreements with the Western world. 
Pilots usually listen to an available ATIS broadcast before contacting the local control unit, which reduces the controllers' workload and relieves frequency congestion. 
The JS1600 was introduced at NAMM 2008. 
Hu was regarded with sympathy and her mother-in-law, the Empress Dowager, demonstrated her sympathy and friendship by often inviting her and giving her the place of an empress at banquets, even when her successor, Empress Sun was present. 
It is on the National Register of Historical Places. 
By 2000, the difference between female and male migrant numbers stayed about the same since 1960, with 5 million more male migrants than female migrants. 
DePalma played high school football at Verona High School in Verona, New Jersey. 
The 1st Uruguayan Film Critics Association Awards were held in 2001. 
Northwestern Oklahoma State and Southern Nazarene were provisional members and not eligible for regular season championships or postseason championship tournaments. 
There are no public transport routes in Pohangina, though there are school busses which service the area. 
The RubySpec project aimed to write a complete executable specification for the Ruby programming language. 
Consequently, the entire 100% equity holding is now held by Sundaram Finance (75.90%) and other Indian shareholders (24.10%). 
Realizing he was about to die, it is said that Eufemio asked the man to end his suffering and give him a quick death. 
Others are exempt from VAT or outside the system altogether. 
Wilsele is a part of the city of Leuven, Flemish Brabant, Flanders, Belgium. 
Betrayed by a Handprint is a 1908 American silent short crime film directed by D. W. Griffith. 
Block Diagram Editor is the primary graphical user interface and is supported with customizable library blocks of hardware, software and communication resources. 
Groupe TVA, Inc. is a Canadian communications company with operations in broadcasting, publishing and production. 
It was released in May 1995 on Quarterstick Records. 
Dagogo is an alumnus of the University of Port Harcourt and lives currently in Berlin/Germany. 
Derrick died on July 15, 1974 in Clayton, Georgia. 
The absence of such a grade before a name on the list should not be assumed to mean the burgess was not a militia officer at some time in his life. 
The tournament is played on hard courts and is the best-attended tennis tournament outside the four Grand Slam tournaments, with over 450,000 visitors during the 2015 event. 
She followed her partner, Canadian climber Will Gadd. 
For example, percutaneous intradiscal radiofrequency thermocoagulation (PIRFT) involves the placement of an electrode or catheter into the intervertebral disk and applying an alternating radiofrequency current. 
A video has been made for the intro to the album and it is called "Ups & Downs". 
It can also happen due to unforeseen exertion or breathing equipment failure. 
The NALLRC Main Library is regarded as one of the largest libraries in Southeast Asia. 
Garland Charles Robinette (born August 21, 1943 in Boutte, Louisiana) is a journalist in the New Orleans area. 
She performed in concert and at women's music festivals, including the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival. 
The album was produced by Kurt Ballou also of Converge. 
In 2004, he was awarded the Kerala State Film Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performances in Sasneham Sumitra and Choonda. 
Studios are located in Champaign, IL. 
Body Blows is an Amiga versus fighting game. 
How Museums Put the Nation on Display, is published by the University of California Press. 
The hostelry was financed by Stacy Nudd. 
It is one of the best places to visit near Pune, specially during monsoon. 
The IMES-3 RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure that was identified based on metagenomics and bioinformatics, and the underlying RNA sequences were identified independently by an earlier study. 
His h-index is 141. 
The annual award was first given in 1995, however there was no award granted in 2001. 
It has been hosted by Canadian cities every year in CJAHL markets. 
The film depicts events in Gibraltar harbor during the World War II Italian frogman and manned torpedo attacks, although the film's depiction of those events is highly fictionalized. 
Dennis Ross Stevenson (born 12 November 1946) was an Australian politician. 
Rim of the World High School is a public secondary school located in Lake Arrowhead, California, at the top of the mountain overlooking the San Bernardino Valley. 
Metallospora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. 
It is bordered by Bogan River in the west, and includes the area to the northeast of Nyngan. 
The population was 2,886 at the 2000 census. 
Only two Indigenous Australian women, Leeanne Enoch (2015) and Cynthia Lui (2017), have been elected to the Queensland parliament. 
Number 10 is a drama series for BBC Radio 4 about a fictional British Prime Minister and his staff. 
Neil Rafferty (a former political correspondent for The Sunday Times) and Paul Stokes (former business editor of The Scotsman), created the website in 2007 and remain the lead writers. 
Brian Peter Reid (born 1972) is an entrepreneur that is credited with developing the first digital advertising mirror that is controlled remotely and has the ability to record and report the exact number and duration of consumer engagements in real time. 
It was used in a full-page ad in a lesbian nightlife magazine, GO MAGAZINE. 
Inspired by the bouncing pumpkin character in Cauldron, Brown designed the game around the character's movement. 
That year, she appeared in the Dino Risi-directed film Il Gaucho which co-starred actors such as Vittorio Gassman. 
This lengthy process had to be repeated for each color in the design. 
Families of most non-US victims were compensated by Baxter voluntarily, while US plaintiffs settled via a class action lawsuit. 
Turk actually purchased the original Stanford Bunny, and performed the initial scans on it. 
The parties settled their dispute in 2000. 
Currently he works at Jackson School of Geosciences of Austin, Texas. 
Subsequent to that great defeat, during which his Swabians were routed by Richard I of Capua, Werner conquered a swathe of Adriatic territory centered on the Pentapolis. 
They are found in the ventrolateral medulla in conjunction with the adrenergic cell group C1. 
He represented Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Liberal member. 
The hand is held in a loose fist with the bones and the curled fingers roughly parallel to the palm, with the bone closest to the ring finger gently held against the palm by the tip of the ring finger placed on its edge, while the other bone is left free to move in the "hinge" formed by the index and middle fingers as they gently hold it. 
He was appointed managing director in 1979. 
Centaurs orbit the Sun between Jupiter and Neptune, often crossing the orbits of the large gas giants. 
Dawn is the fourth installment in an extended play series The Wonderlands by Jon Foreman. 
It opened on 17 December 1883 and closed on 13 April 1987.The former platform mound at Bowman remains clearly evident and is fenced off as private property with a shelter built on top of it. 
The station was also the terminus of the Cornhill branch line to Coldstream which closed for passengers in 1930. 
Cirrhimuraena chinensis is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels). 
On first publication it was illustrated by Adrienne Adams, but later editions were illustrated by Barbara Cooney; the British Puffin edition is illustrated by Sheila Bewley. 
This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United States during 2001. 
Spirobolus crebristriatus, is a species of round-backed millipede in the family Spirobolidae. 
It was initially only available through mail-order, but later released on frontman John Lurie's record label Strange and Beautiful Music. 
The genus was originally referred to the family Trematochampsidae in 1989. 
Monongahela is the 14th country studio album by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys, released in 1988 via MCA Records. 
While this was going on, Hasan and, after his death, his brother Husain ibn Ali, remained the religious leaders, at least according to the Shia. 
In 1972 he was part of the Cuban team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. 
Dhaiber made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1981-82, against Gujarat. 
Indra Sahdan bin Daud (born 5 March 1979) is a former Singapore international footballer who currently plays for Eunos Crescent as a forward .He previously played for S.League clubs Geylang United, Home United, Sengkang Punggol and Singapore Armed Forces. 
The Concert (c. 1664) is a painting by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer which depicts a man and two women performing music. 
Myosins are actin binding molecular motors that use the enzymatic conversion of ATP - ADP + inorganic phosphate (Pi) to provide the energy for movement. 
The meeting, requested by Syria, adopted resolution 236 unanimously. 
It is the sixth game of the Glory of Heracles series. 
She is known for being a contestant in the third cycle of Asia's Next Top Model, where she represented the Philippines. 
It is known from Azerbaijan and Iran. 
BookmarkSync was discontinued some time around 2006. 
Many definitions are available. 
Military humor portrays a wide range of characters and situations in the armed forces. 
Although some direct damage caused by leafhopper feeding has been observed, it is relatively minor compared to the losses resulting from disease. 
If no candidate had an absolute majority on the first ballot, the top two candidates participated in a run-off election several weeks after the first ballot. 
Aeropuerto "Juan Casiano Solis" de Guapi, is an airport serving Guapi, a municipality in the Cauca Department of Colombia. 
The Lin family murders were the 18 July 2009 killings in North Epping, New South Wales, Australia, of newsagency proprietor Min Lin; his wife Yun Lin; his sister-in-law Irene Lin; and their sons Henry and Terry. 
While in school, he focused on sprints and decathlon, before concentrating on 800 meters running. 
Media Oy is a Finnish media industry company, founded in the year 2004, that produces communication to different media and translation services. 
The warehouse was used until the mid-19th century; it has since been incorporated into the Villa Louis museum. 
Lagnieu has four hamlets which are: Chanves, Charveyron, Posafol and Proulieu. 
Oleg Sukhoruchenko (born 4 July 1965) is a Russian bobsledder. 
Its transmitter tower is off Five Mile Line Road in Penfield. 
They added a full band and adopted the name The Hippy Nuts in 1996. 
Signs show speed limits in kilometers per hour (km/h). 
Scrobipalpa swakopi is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. 
David J. Mays and Robert McIlwaine advocated on behalf of the Commonwealth of Virginia; Edmund D. Campbell and Henry E. Howell, Jr. advocated on behalf of the plaintiff Northern Virginia legislators. 
Sumant Sinha (born February 1965) is a former Indian investment banker and a noted entrepreneur of recent times entrepreneurship in the Indian renewable energy sector. 
Dismukes is a surname. 
Pediodectes haldemani, or Haldeman's shieldback, is a species of shield-backed katydid in the family Tettigoniidae. 
It is one of the most read women's magazines in the country and is the French edition of the British magazine Essentials. 
The station is currently owned by Donald Curtis' Eastern Airwaves, LLC. 
It was Lewis's "comeback album" and features a stripped down, "hardcore" country sound that yielded two top 5 country hits, the icon's first major chart success in a decade. 
Discus catskillensis, common name angular disk, is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails. 
"My Neighbor Was a Teenage Robot" aired on Nickelodeon in January 5, 1999. 
William H. Wilkinson was a footballer who made 29 appearances in the Football League playing for Rotherham Town and Lincoln City in the 1890s. 
Oliver James Norwood (born 12 April 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sheffield United, on loan from Premier League club Brighton & Hove Albion. 
It is found in India (Meghalaya), Myanmar and Thailand. 
Structured settlements may include income tax and spendthrift provisions. 
Yogo may be a distinct language. 
Lawrence Ball (born 17 September 1951) is an English musician and composer who lives in North London. 
He has also played for and managed Mohun Bagan in the past. 
It can be detected in the urine of casualties. 
The film, which was Sathyaraj's directorial debut which remains his first and only directorial so far and for whom the film was also his 125th starrer, took a mammoth opening at the box office. 
Gardonne is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. 
If the defendant fails to complete this program or violates any other term or condition of their probation, then probation can be revoked and the defendant may be required to serve an additional sentence which may include incarceration. 
He also played for his country at IRB Sevens. 
As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,198. 
It acts as an intermediary between programs that supply name server information (e.g., DHCP clients) and programs that use name server information (e.g., resolvers). 
For example, the rare Hose's civet, a viverrid endemic to northern Borneo, has partially webbed feet. 
As of 2011, Lake Michigan Credit Union has 36 locations throughout the state of Michigan. 
Luton Bute Street railway station was the first to be built in Luton, England. 
Determining the O/B number for VC and PAVN forces was complicated by the wide range of personnel involved, especially among VC. 
On several occasions, both Yoyoy Villame and Max Surban have appeared together on stage and even recorded together a few albums. 
Kurtus is a genus of perciform fishes, called the nurseryfishes, forehead brooders, or incubator fish, native to fresh, brackish and coastal marine waters ranging from India, through southeast Asia to New Guinea and northern Australia. 
These fin rays are made of webbed skin and are attached to portions of the body that connect fins to the bones. 
Elements common to all variants include the steel bodyshells, the two bogies with two powered axles each, the three-phase asynchronous induction motors, the cooling exhausts on the roof edges, and the wheel disk brakes. 
The film, dubbed in Malayalam, was released as Kochi to Kodambakkam in 2012. 
The Boston refers to a series of various step dances, considered a slow Americanized version of the waltz presumably named after where it originated. 
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Barry served in the United States Marine Corps from 1954 to 1958. 
He held this position until his retirement in 1992. 
The region is designated a biodiversity hotspot by Conservation International (CI), and one of the outstanding Global 200 ecoregions by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). 
The thorax and wing-covers are orange with red and black markings. 
Inniskillin is a Canadian winery located in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario. 
The planned worldwide tour for the book was cut short later the same month during the American leg so that the author could begin treatment for newly diagnosed esophageal cancer. 
Apart from the Sun Chariot Stakes she won the Prix du Pin in 2010 and the Prix du Palais-Royal in 2011. 
Parasinilabeo longicorpus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. 
It was built in the International Style along with traditional Jerusalem motifs such as half arcs over the entrances and outside staircases. 
The Huon Valley, or simply the Huon is a valley and geographic area located in southern Tasmania, Australia. 
His Minor Counties Championship debut was in 1997 and he made a single List A appearance for the combined team in the 2001 C&G Trophy, scoring 3 runs. 
The song is also included on Cook's fourth studio album, Digital Vein (2015). 
The upper levels were taken over in fall 1997 as studios for the newly launched independent TV station VTV. 
Its flagship product is the subscription-based Nsite platform, with components that provide quote to proposal, order management, and a custom development platform with an AJAX front-end and a MS-SQL back-end. 
The spudcans are the inverted cones mounted at the base of the jack-up which provide stability to lateral forces on the jack-up rig when deployed into ocean-bed systems. 
Semaphorin-3A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SEMA3A gene. 
Emdadul Haque also spelled Imdadul Haque is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament from Thakurgaon-3. 
The executive is referred to in the legislation as the Executive Committee of the Assembly and is an example of a consociationalist government. 
The chairman for (2011-2013) of Thally block is Jayshree Chandrappa. 
Entrance to and exit from the station platform is by way of the hotel car park. 
The function of the modified male scape in unknown. 
A small portion of land that is between Pelham and Pelham Bay Park, with a total of 35 houses, is a part of the Bronx, but is cut off from the rest of the borough due to the way the county boundaries were established. 
Near the end of the Civil War Fort Cummings was established near the spring and stage station to protect travelers along the stage route and as a base of operations in the Apache Wars in the following decades. 
Alta Plaza is a park in San Francisco, California and caps the top of the western edge of Pacific Heights. 
Supporters of the idea point to instances in which bloggers have brought about political change by posting about issues that mainstream media had not paid much attention to. 
After Chiwoo sees Uncle Wolbak attacked by soldiers, Chiwoo becomes a mangnani. 
Mota played for the Minnesota Twins in the 2000 season. 
In 2007, it was reported from Brazil. 
Laura Elizabeth Carmichael (born 16 July 1986) is an English actress, most widely known for her performance as Lady Edith Crawley in the ITV (UK) and PBS (US) television period drama series Downton Abbey. 
The calpain/calpastatin system is involved in numerous membrane fusion events, such as neural vesicle exocytosis and platelet and red-cell aggregation. 
Its capital is the city of Genoa. 
All data generated from the project are available to the public, and SETI@Home is used for some of the data analysis. 
Its boundaries are imprecise but the area roughly flanks Rockland Avenue. 
Scarlet Road was a 2011 Walkley Documentary Award finalist. 
The entity was formed "to consolidate the services of six former regional library systems:" Boston Regional Library System, Central Massachusetts Regional Library System, MetroWest Regional Library System, Northeast Massachusetts Regional Library System, Southeastern Massachusetts Library System, and Western Massachusetts Regional Library System. 
SCC 29 is a 2002 case of the Supreme Court of Canada which held that in order for a defense to be presented to a jury, that defense must possess an "air of reality"; that is, "if a properly instructed jury acting reasonably could acquit the accused on the basis of the defense". 
The Women's 200 meter freestyle event at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games took place on 15 December 2013 at Wunna Theikdi Aquatics Center. 
Plain old telephone service (POTS), or plain ordinary telephone service, is a retronym for voice-grade telephone service employing analog signal transmission over copper loops. 
It became the subdivision of newly formed district Dakshin Dinajpur when Paschim Dinajpur was bifurcated into Uttar and Dakshin Dinajpur in 1992. 
When published in 1925, The Man Nobody Knows topped the nonfiction bestseller list, and was one of the best-selling non-fiction books of the 20th century. 
Opsaridium engrauloides is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae. 
The tuning relationship is not perfect, but it can never vary. 
It starred Bhumika Chawla, Ravi Babu, and Abbas. 
The site contains two species of plant which are nationally rare in Great Britain, Nit-grass (Gastridium ventricosum) and Rough Marsh-mallow (Althaea hirsuta). 
The six rounds of the 1986 Australian Endurance Championship, all of which were also rounds of the 1986 Australian Manufacturers' Championship. 
Before being launched, the satellite was known as TerreStar-2, a ground spare for TerreStar Networks' satellite-terrestrial telephone network.. 
As of August 8, 2018, he is #6 in the official UFC featherweight rankings. 
It is one of a number of stations to have held the name at various times and should not be confused with the current Alexandra Palace station which is on the East Coast Main Line to the east of the closed station. 
It is a clumpy, mat-forming subshrub growing no more than 14 centimeters high. 
Moreover, the volume of data is increasing exponentially with a doubling time of approximately 10 months. 
The Minister for Community Relations was a member of the Cabinet in the Parliament of Northern Ireland which governed Northern Ireland from 1922 to 1972. 
It serves as the parish church for St. Joseph's Parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile. 
It is found in boreal forests of North America north to the tree line, and in the Rocky Mountains subalpine zone south to New Mexico and Arizona. 
He was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1600, and was called to the bar there in 1610. 
The film was presented by Fox Star Studios in association with Mahesh Bhatt and Mukesh Bhatt. 
For relatives of Stanhopea see Stanhopeinae and the closely related sister subtribe Coeliopsidinae. 
His biography of Walt Whitman was a finalist for the Los Angeles Book Prize in 2000. 
It sold 1 million copies by March 2001. 
It is the location of the Troll Ski Resort. 
In September 2011, Roys ran for Congress in Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district, a race she lost in August 2012. 
Paroxypropione is a synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen which has been used medically as an antigonadotropin in Spain and Italy but appears to no longer be marketed. 
Credit Valley Conservation (CVC) is one of 36 Conservation Authorities in Ontario, Canada, responsible for protecting, restoring and managing natural resources at the watershed level. 
A letter from a monk, John Musard, written while in prison, which has been printed by Noake, contains a list of complaints against a certain 'untrue master,' who is clearly identical with More, for one charge is that he made a new miter, a needless extravagance, and the costs of this miter are entered in More's diary. 
More pet dander is sloughed off in older animals than in younger animals. 
Matthew Kelly (born 2 July 1971) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
Tigranella mirabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
Amsterdam, one of Europe's capitals, has many attractions for visitors. 
Abhijit Pohankar (born 29 June 1975, in Mumbai) is an Indian classical instrumentalist. 
Alan B Thomas, Jr. is a businessman and is an American government official. 
He was supposed to have predicted the onset of the Black Death. 
Drake also sponsors teams in the Pioneer Football League, Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference, and Summit League. 
Kabuki is a comic book series created by artist and writer David Mack, first published in Razor and Shi Special July, 1994 by London Night Studios and soon after by Caliber Comics. 
In his Entire Career he has acted in more than 75 Movies. 
He now owns a successful Karting company. 
While most of the duo's songs were both written and programmed by both Yashiki and Wiltshire, only Yashiki played other instruments on the tracks, including bass, guitar and drums. 
Her work includes short films, documentaries, TV series, and feature films. 
Doug Wheatley, sometimes credited as Douglas H. Wheatley or Doug Tropea-Wheatley, is a Canadian comic book artist who has illustrated numerous comic books including several Star Wars and "How to Train Your Dragon" stories for Dark Horse Comics. 
Fatehabad District, is one of the twenty-two districts of Haryana state, India. 
The chain folded in 2001 and once again left the mall with a vacant anchor space. 
With those properties, being able to grow in warm climate and early flowering, it is very similar to the Anna apple cultivar which was bred in Israel, and those two are compatible and suitable partners for out-cross pollination. 
In November 2014, Wang was invited to design a series of virtual stickers/large-sized emoji for Line (application), making him the first Taiwanese celebrity to design purchasable stickers for the company. 
It began the annual Cow Ribbon Campaign for Mother's Day. 
Phulbani Lok Sabha constituency was a Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituency in Orissa state in eastern India till 2008. 
In an interview for KPSU, Wignall commented that the first album was "this sort of finding our path and gravitating towards American sounds". 
A charanguita player can vary the notes and volume independently of its pitch. 
The ICAR Universal (I.C.A.R. Universal) was a 1930s Romanian two seat monoplane trainer, touring and aerobatics aircraft. 
The French ironclad Guyenne was one of 10 Provence-class ironclads built for the French Navy during the 1860s. 
They publish perfect bound novels, short story collections and other works, and offer "mini-books" of short stories and novellas for free download. 
Rich was the second Fellow at Rambus contributing to lighting, RRAM and new memory technologies. 
The accordion effect generally decreases the throughput of the system in which it occurs. 
The club is the leading organization in Canada devoted to climbing, mountain culture, and issues related to alpine pursuits and ecology. 
Over time, the metal thread in the dress has tarnished but the beetle wings have not lost their luster. 
One such court was created by King James II on 27 July 1686, which lasted until 26 August 1688. 
Kirlew has also been a member of the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars. 
The Barbara Jefferis Award is an Australian literary award prize. 
Albion Mills was a steam-powered flour mill situated on the southeastern side of Blackfriars Bridge in northern Southwark, London, then in Surrey. 
The first set of copyright licenses was released in December 2002. 
Prevention is generally with the Japanese encephalitis vaccine, which is both safe and effective. 
In 1995 it was listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. 
He has been capped by the U.S. national sevens team and the United States national rugby union team. 
It was later revealed that her father had an affair with Rachel ultimately destroying her family. 
In 2017, the Chicago Pride Parade attracted about 1 million attendees. 
It entered into force on 1 January 1912. 
Paul Malmont is an American author who has specialized in books considering the style and tropes of popular fiction of the past, making the writers of that popular fiction the heroes and protagonists of his own work. 
He was Leader of AIFB in Rajya Sabha. 
Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron 10 (HS-10), a shore-based unit of Helicopter Anti-Submarine Wing, U.S. Pacific Fleet, was established on 30 June 1960 at NALF Imperial Beach, California. 
It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1913, and is known from Panama, Puerto Rico and Florida. 
Rai Chowdhuri was a prolific writer with primary interests in nuclear issues and South Asian Politics. 
It is published in two parts; "General rules" and "Ground investigation and testing". 
The city is named after founder John Dixon, who operated a rope ferry service across Rock River, which runs through the city. 
Neighly briefly contributed a number of columns on the small press comics space to prominent portal Newsarama. 
Seawind Barclay Curle is a British shipbuilding company. 
The classification may be for the purpose of primary biological taxonomy, or for a functional classification. 
He incorporates the local creole language into his novels and was the first author to document the pidgin English spoken by the paniolo cowboys on the east end of Molokai. 
Even Andre Pitts and Lorenzo Hall could not help Saba to survive from the quagmire made by Sanam. 
Cinzia Fiordeponti, best known as Cinzia De Ponti (born 3 October 1960), is an Italian actress, model and television personality. 
Chetanya Adib is an Indian actor, voice actor, model and singer who speaks English and Hindi. 
It primarily derives revenue from the sale of subscriptions to its online publications. 
Marc-Antoine Charpentier composed his grand polyphonic motet Te Deum (H. 146) in D major probably between 1688 and 1698, during his stay at the Jesuit Church of Saint-Louis in Paris, where he held the position of musical director. 
It was produced by and features Mannie Fresh. 
Paulina is a female given name. 
Patricia Bean McConnell (born November 16, 1948) is an Adjunct Professor of Zoology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and expert in animal behavior. 
Ardon is a former townsite and unincorporated community in Muscatine County, Iowa, United States. 
In 2002, he played for the Switzerland national ice hockey team in the Olympic Games in Salt Lake City, Utah. 
Three of which are located in Iowa and the other eight are in Wisconsin. 
O'Ceann is an Irish name. 
CompassionArt is a charity based in Littlehampton, England founded by songwriter Martin Smith and his wife Anna, with the aim of generating income from works of art to assist in the relief of suffering around the planet. 
In 1999, the British Film Institute named Saturday Night and Sunday Morning the 14th greatest British film of all time on their Top 100 British films list. 
McLean worked as a curator of Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County from 1964 to 2001 and was a Curator Emeritus there until his death in November 2016. 
Anneville lies in the municipality of Alphen-Chaam in southern Netherlands. 
The 1906 Washington, D.C., train wreck occurred on the Metropolitan Branch of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Terra Cotta station in Washington, D.C., on December 30, 1906, at 6:31 in the evening, when a locomotive pulling six empty cars crashed into the back of a passenger train in dense fog, killing 53 people and injuring more than 70. 
More Once is a 1994 album by the Latin jazz pianist Michel Camilo. 
The stadium is owned by FC Khimki. 
The New England Water Resource Region is one of 21 major geographic areas, or regions, in the first level of classification used by the United States Geological Survey to divide and sub-divide the United States into successively smaller hydrologic units. 
There is a right of appeal from the Supreme Court of Mauritius directly to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London. 
Fox Lake has the name of John Fox, a pioneer settler. 
Originally played by Vikki Blanche, she made her first screen appearance during the show's first episode broadcast on 18 March 1985. 
A Preferred List is a 1933 American Pre-Code short comedy film produced by Lou Brock. 
It was released on April 30, 2007 on the Cherry Red record label. 
It is tightly packed but contains about 57 stars. 
The film features soundtrack composed by Bollywood composer Anu Malik, marking his debut in Kannada cinema. 
He was a student of John N. Mather at Princeton University, obtaining a Ph.D. in 2001. 
This list consists of and is limited to very common breakfast beverages that have been denoted as such in various cultures and societies. 
Caitlin Doughty (born August 19, 1984) is an American mortician, author, blogger, and YouTube personality known for advocating death acceptance and the reform of Western funeral industry practices. 
Regarded for his talent for writing sports films, Jeff Maguire got his first screenwriting break with his script Escape to Victory, a film about soccer directed by John Huston in 1981. 
The album was also issued as a quadraphonic LP with some songs as alternate takes. 
The Miltimore House is a historic house in South Pasadena, California, U.S.. 
He also directed the Georgetown University law library from 1976 to 1981, and served on the Board of the AALL. 
Others with higher-activity clays are classed as alisols or nitisols. 
It can also be used to correct for the roll and heel-induced errors that often plague fluxgate compasses installed on steel vessels. 
The school employs a variety of selection criteria for prospective students, maintaining a quota for local area enrolments, however also using academic, sporting, cultural and artistic talents as means of determining the annual intake. 
The Graduate Center is categorized as a "Doctoral University - Highest Research Activity" in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. 
String Quartet No. 4 is the fourth of seventeen works in the medium by the Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-Lobos, written in 1917 and revised in 1949. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.While writing Chesapeake, James Michener lived here, both researching for the book and experiencing life in the historic town. 
Odozana inconspicua is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. 
The company was established in 1989, and has 68 restaurants across the country. 
The broadcast of the first series began in November 2013; the third series commenced in January 2017. 
Op-ed contributors to the Jewish Voice include Jerusalem Post columnist and editor, Caroline Glick, UN Ambassador John Bolton, British news analyst Melanie Phillips, Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer, feminist icon and New York post editorial writer Dr. Phyllis Chesler, Holocaust historian and prolific author, Dr. Rafael Medoff, as well as political commentator, Daniel Greenfield. 
The famous Walker brothers make their first appearances in senior cricket and the rare dismissal of hit the ball twice was first recorded. 
They are perhaps best known for their 1981 hit, "Call Me", as well as their 1989 "comeback" hits, "Start of a Romance" and "Real Love". 
The mill and nearby Parker House (located at 4540 Geddes Road) were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. 
Additional content is offered via a download website. 
The chase lasted for three years and covered a large area of Europe - including the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Spain, Gibraltar, and Portugal. 
It is a time domain solver that specializes in large wave propagation problems, with emphasis on problems featuring electro-mechanical materials such as piezoelectric ceramics. 
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.28, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.631. 
It originally aired on Friday nights at 8:00 pm ET before moving to Sunday nights at 7:00 pm ET as part of the 2009 fall schedule. 
Jhankot Sign Language is a village sign language of the village of Jhankot in western Nepal. 
Since 2012 the hotel houses the Michelin-starred restaurant Bord'Eau Restaurant Gastronomique. 
According to the New York Times, Ho hoped that theater companies could take advantage of the spaces. 
Its goal is to compile Perl v1 code and thereby exercise Parrot's compiler tools. 
The Economist Intelligence Unit has rated Luxembourg as "full democracy" in 2016. 
Prior to 2016 it was run over 2 miles and 7 furlongs. 
Then Again is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1965 and released on the Atlantic label. 
The show moved back to its original location of Elstree Studios, which was used during the show's first five series, but still used the same layout as introduced in last series. 
Quaker service work is rooted in the daily practice of pacifism, integrity, truthfulness, equality, community, simplicity and, above all, love both in the objectives of our work and in the discernment with which we plan and deliver our work. 
The ceremony was televised in the Sweden by SVT, with actress and comedian Babben Larsson hosting the show. 
Oocerina is an extinct genus of nautiloid cephalopods that lived during the Late Silurian of Europe, Russia, and North America. 
They were affiliated with the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers and the franchise operated from 1955 through 1961. 
All these figures were well above the national average. 
Aidyn Johnson (born 31 October 1997) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
Helena Boettcher was a Polish luger who competed during the 1950s. 
Definitive Collection is a compilation album recorded by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) and produced by Jeff Lynne. 
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1843 to Wales and its people. 
The meter of the poem is dactylic hexameter, the meter of epic poetry, such as Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid. 
It Lines on the Vijayawada-Chennai Section And Is Administered Under Vijayawada Railway Division Of South Central Railway Zone. 
Groups of teens and adults also make presentations, called Outreaches, about issues that the average teen faces at schools throughout Southern California. 
"The Bones Of Lazarus" is a reworking of an earlier live favorite, simply called "Lazarus", while two of the songs - "Chromatic Nightmare" and "Suck A Lemon" - were originally conceived for a themed 2010 performance known as "The Electric Lemoe.nade Acid Test". 
Kinetika is adopting a theme over the next five years that explores cities of the future with young people across the UK and beyond. 
The show airs each Sunday morning from 5:30am until 10am on the ABC Local Radio network and has been continuously presented by Ian McNamara since 1985. 
The third of John Paul II's apostolic exhortations, it presents Jesus as the Reconciler of a shattered world. 
German submarine U-650 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. 
Its leaves are rough and wrinkled and the flowers are tube-shaped with deep pink petals with wavy edges. 
Frost boils (also known as mud boils, frost scars and mud circles) are upwellings of mud that occur through frost heave and cryoturbation in permafrost areas, such as arctic and alpine regions. 
Two models with onboard analog input exist: the M7CL-32 and M7CL-48. 
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1999 to August 2000. 
Tin Stars is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Isaac Asimov, Martin H. Greenberg and Charles G. Waugh as the fifth volume in their Isaac Asimov's Wonderful Worlds of Science Fiction series. 
Career is a 1939 drama film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Anne Shirley and Edward Ellis. 
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2558. 
The Fort Smith Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour. 
It is part of the Adriatic Sea. 
Lander is an unincorporated community in Farmington Township in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States. 
In order to research the book, Ellison spent time in an actual street gang in Brooklyn. 
The YMCA in Uganda was founded in 1959. 
Soon afterward, the Austrians trapped in Ulm surrendered and the French mopped up most of the remaining Austrians forces, bringing the Ulm Campaign to a close. 
It is managed by NSGC.The Corporation's role is to ensure the gaming industry is as socially responsible as possible, while generating reasonable profits. 
Piping also has many other industrial applications, which are crucial for moving raw and semi-processed fluids for refining into more useful products. 
Skin is a British-South African 2008 biographical film about Sandra Laing, a South African woman born to white parents, who was classified as "Colored" during the apartheid era, presumably due to a genetic case of atavism. 
The serial stars Dyan Cannon, Nigel Hawthorne, Robert Hardy Christopher Cazenove and Hugh Grant, and is about a mother, Jenny Baines (Cannon), who searches for her son Peter (Grant), who was shot down over Germany, and who she believes is still alive. 
Graeme Cecil Gunn AM (born 1933 in Hamilton, Victoria) is an Australian architect. 
For recent trends see the article Higher education in the United States. 
Ulloor comes under Cheruvaikkal village limits of Thiruvananthapuram taluk. 
Before the Act of Union 1707, the barons of the sheriffdom or shire of Berwick (also called the Merse) elected commissioners to represent them in the unicameral Parliament of Scotland and in the Convention of Estates. 
Zuroff, the director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center office in Jerusalem, is the coordinator of Nazi war crimes research worldwide for the Wiesenthal Center and the author of its annual "Status Report" on the worldwide investigation and prosecution of Nazi war criminals which includes a list of "most wanted" Nazi war criminals. 
It peaked inside the top ten in both Australia and the United Kingdom, and also charted in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, and Finland. 
The economy is based on a mixture of agriculture and industry. 
CSULB has more than 286,000 alumni as of 2014. 
The Cawthra family of Toronto was famous for its business, social and cultural contributions to the city. 
The Group 3 area runs from Kempsey in the north to Forster in the south. 
It is a member of the Siderotype family of processes. 
She has recently co-starred in Dolph Lundgren's action film, Command Performance, and had a major role in Honey 2. 
He is believed to be one of the few Western journalists to have embedded with the Taliban, an experience that forms part of the basis of No Good Men Among the Living. 
Standards based tests use holistic grading to establish scoring of a paper. 
The great lizard cuckoo (Coccyzus merlini) is a species of cuckoo in the family Cuculidae. 
Business interaction networks are networks that allow businesses and their communities of interest to collaborate and do business online securely via the Internet. 
The old bell from Chappell Hill Female College, which was at this location until 1912, is preserved on the property. 
Mihaly (born June 21, 1972) is an American CEO/founder of Iron Realms Entertainment, a game designer, investor, executive, entrepreneur, and prominent member of the Burning Man community as creator and operator of the website Burn. 
The building used to be the home of the Amarillo branch of American National Bank. 
It was the 65th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1961 VFL season. 
He won the silver medal as the leading amateur in The Open Championship at Muirfield in 1992. 
The house is a stucco-faced stone building in the Greek Revival architectural style. 
Conan is a fictional character based on Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian. 
The larvae are yellowish white with a black head. 
The New Testament was published in 1961 and the Old Testament (with the Apocrypha) was published in 1970. 
Always updates the story for a 1989 setting, exchanging the World War II backdrop to one of aerial firefighting. 
In the same year, he finished 3rd in the Poker Million. 
She is also a novelist who published her first novel in 1994. 
Coombs' method (or the Coombs rule) is a ranked voting system created by Clyde Coombs used for single-winner elections. 
Another group, Elaphrosaurinae, has also been placed within Noasauridae by some studies. 
The layout surrounds a catering picnic area of the park. 
Monteverde is a comune in the province of Avellino in Southern Italy. 
University Avenue is the primary thoroughfare through Morris Heights. 
The discipline required to plan out each shot is a useful pedagogical technique. 
This album was also reissued on the Jazzland label as Double Trumpet Doings. 
The act provides for measures to simplify the registration and deregistration of driving instructors from the Approved Driving Instructor register. 
Its full name is Commission for the Conservation and Management of Highly Migratory Fish Stocks in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean. . 
The stele was erected by Bayanchur Khan of the Uyghur Khaganate in the middle of the eighth century (between 753 and 760 CE seems to be the best estimate). 
It is surrounded by important heritage buildings, museums, a theater and a range of hotels, restaurants and bars. 
As NBC thought that masturbation was not a topic suitable for prime time television, the word "masturbation" is never used in the episode. 
In molecular biology, the cloacin immunity protein inhibits the bacterial polypeptide toxin, cloacin. 
During his long stay in the American metropolis and from his many trips to Japan he matured artistic interests. 
It was studied by Graeme Barker in 1984. 
By the time of its sale in 2010 the company had grown the largest privately managed KiwiSaver Scheme (by members) in the country. 
Independent businessman Ross Perot of Texas finished in third, with 22.80% of the popular vote. 
If the animal waits for its partner before pulling, this suggests an understanding of cooperation. 
His academic work focuses in two areas: development ethics and history and philosophy of science. 
SS Middlebury Victory was an armed cargo ship named for Middlebury College in Vermont, one of 150 educational institutions that had Victory ships named after them. 
The community contains a historic covered bridge over the Patoka River, the Wheeling Bridge, completed in 1877. 
In Pitcher Plants of the Old World, Stewart McPherson writes: Misool remains difficult and expensive to reach; during my observations, I hired a local fishing boat to travel to the island, and this trip alone required one metric ton of fuel! 
An interpretation of quantum mechanics is an attempt to explain how concepts in quantum mechanics correspond to reality. 
At the time, it had total assets amounting to USD 11.6 billion. 
Dedicated to finding and fostering young musical talent, the NFMC conducts annual Junior Festivals with more than 117,000 participants. 
He made his stage debut at Den Nationale Scene in 1970. 
Cyrus performed the song in several venues; her first, in the 2008 Disney Channel Games was used as a promotional music video and on her first world tour, the Wonder World Tour, it was the opening number. 
Since then, it has faced strong criticism since the theory was proposed as innate, universal, and unidirectional. 
Bay Shore Post Office was designed by Louis A. Simon and artist Wheeler Williams. 
In the New Testament this is the verse most often cited to condemn that practice. 
The race was won in a time of 20 minutes 10 seconds, over twice the present course record. 
The PARI was formed on February 10, 1972 and today is composed of 14 corporate members and 13 associate members. 
He recently signed a lucrative sponsorship deal with 2 Da Hole Apparel. 
Kelly Round Barn is a historic round barn located near Halcottsville in Delaware County, New York, United States. 
Coptotermes is a genus of termites in the family Rhinotermitidae. 
The charity operated under its original charity names as "Age Concern NI and Help the Aged in Northern Ireland" until the new brand launch on 26 March 2010. 
The album was released in September 1992. 
The Rebellion compete in the USA Rugby League (USARL), which they joined as a charter franchise in the 2011 season. 
The film premiered in New York, and Los Angeles for a limited release on February 21, 2014, and then into a wide release on February 28, 2014. 
The decision caused a political crisis in India that led to the imposition of a state of emergency by Gandhi's government from 1975 to 1977. 
The First English Civil War's outbreak led to a complete suspension of legal education, with the Inns close to being shut down for almost four years. 
The Hartford Distributors shooting was a mass shooting that occurred on August 3, 2010, in Manchester, Connecticut, United States. 
Popular amusement park Kennywood is located along this route. 
Cwm Prysor Viaduct, which is occasionally referred to as Blaen-y-Cwm Viaduct, is a former railway structure which crosses the Afon Prysor in thinly populated uplands east of Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd, Wales. 
It is located on one of two public squares set aside for houses of worship in the Dover town plan of 1717. 
El Hachimi is a Moroccan professional footballer, who plays as a Defender for Wydad Casablanca. 
It comprises 55 species and 5 natural hybrids. 
The film stars Vishnu Unnikrishnan, Askar Ali, Sumith Samudra, and Ajayaghosh. 
Joel Chadabe (born 1938) is a composer, author, and internationally recognized pioneer in the development of interactive music systems. 
In The World, to be a "Caretaker of the Islands" to "house-sit" the islands of the Great Barrier Reef for half a year, based on Hamilton Island. 
Middle Hill is a hill in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. 
Globiceps is a genus of plant-feeding insects of the family Miridae. 
Three won the Australian ARIA award for 'Best Independent Release' (the ARIAs are Australia's highest awards in the music industry). 
Airclic is a web-based software and mobile information services company founded in 2000. 
AUGA group is developing a closed-loop organic farming model which aims to achieve synergies among different branches of agriculture and the re-use of organic waste. 
Baxter Preserve is an area of open space in North Salem, New York, United States. 
Ramudu Bheemudu is a 1988 Telugu, drama film, produced by C.H.V.V. Satyanarayana on Satyam Cine Enterprises banner and directed by K. Murali Mohana Rao. 
Philip Martin Brown (born 9 July 1956) is an English actor, born in Manchester, Lancashire. 
There is access from a road between Bockmer End and Lower Woodend. 
Some appointees outside the executive branch are called czars as well. 
It was formerly known as Radio Noon, which continues to be the name of the similar noon-hour programs on CBC Radio One's stations in Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador. 
As of the 2010 census, the population was 59,173. 
It is the first in a series about Theodore Boone. 
The band has also self-released a number of singles and CD-Rs. 
The exact location of Milefortlet 13 is unknown, although two of the nearby turrets (Towers 13A and 13B) have been located and excavated. 
However, in December 2015 Payne rejoined the Doobies as a touring member, officially taking the position previously held by Allison. 
The need for HP is reduced when consumers have collateral or other forms of credit readily available. 
Putrela village is located in Vissannapet Tehsil of Krishna district in Andhra Pradesh, India. 
He is a fan of retro-kitsch and likes to incorporate this into his work. 
Rebel (1969), by Bediako Asare, is a novel about the conflict between tradition and modernity in Africa. 
Much of Prism revolves around the themes of living in the present, relationships, and self-empowerment. 
The opposition New Democratic Party (formerly the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation) had small losses both in popular vote and number of seats. 
John Greene (died 16 June 1883) was an Irish landowner and politician from County Kilkenny. 
In conclusion these findings suggest that tyrosol induces myocardial protection against ischemia related stress by inducing survival and longevity proteins that may be considered as anti-aging therapy for the heart. 
Alan Hinchliffe had led the school from 2003 to 2012. 
It is a distinct entity from the more common colorectal cancer. 
Tikabali is a small town in Kandhamal district, a central district of Odisha state in India. 
In 1983, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Casey, defeating Liberal MP Peter Falconer. 
The United States Post Office and Custom House in New Haven, Connecticut fronts southeast on Church street and extends northwest to Gregson Street with an extension northerly along the latter to Center Street. 
Displaying social information in virtual spaces allows the modeling of user behavior to make digital systems feel more social and less solitary. 
The town of Strumica and its surrounding area (including Novo Selo) were part of Bulgaria between the Balkan wars and the end of World War I, as well as during World War II. 
Following an issue with the co-operative mode on the PC upon launch, reviewers also criticized a number of issues such as poor lip syncing, clipping and bad camera angles. 
This Contemporary Christian album was recorded live Findlay Memorial Church in Glasgow, Scotland and released in 1990 by Integrity/Hosanna! 
Tony Sokol (born March 23, 1963, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American playwright, writer and composer best known for writing the theatrical horror series La Commedia Del Sangue: Vampyr Theater in New York City. 
After formation of the tube, the brain forms into three sections; the hindbrain, the midbrain, and the forebrain. 
The Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1910 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 20 July 1910 for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool Kirkdale. 
The Mariner Moose was featured on the ballot for the Mascot Hall of Fame in 2006 and 2007. 
The Bharathiya Karma Sena (BKS) is a regional political party in the state of Kerala, India. 
The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway was an early railway line in Ayrshire, Scotland. 
The record was a departure from Jackson's previous work for Motown Records. 
It is integrated with the KDE platform, so it embeds very well in Konqueror as a KParts component. 
Notoxus monodon, the antlike flower beetle, is a species of monoceros beetle in the family Anthicidae. 
The winner was Khalid Abdulla's Special Duty, a three-year-old chestnut filly trained at Chantilly in France by Criquette Head-Maarek and ridden by Stephane Pasquier. 
As of today only three successful examples of student parties being able to win seats in town hall exist. 
The team was composed of Canadian and American wrestlers who believed that Canada was superior to the United States of America. 
These hits topped the Dutch Top 40 in 1995 (see 1995 in music). 
Smit is a Dutch occupational surname. 
Isopsestis cuprina is a moth in the Drepanidae family. 
Alexander Barel (born 23 December 1957 in Amsterdam) is an athlete from the Netherlands. 
It reached number one on the UK charts. 
Just north of Erbs Cove, there is a cable ferry across Bellisle Bay. 
As of 2005, underwire bras were the largest and fastest growing segment of the bra market. 
Up and Dream is a musical revue with a book by John Hastings Turner and music and lyrics by Cole Porter and others. 
This AFWB was absorbed by the National Physique Committee (NPC) when it was formed, as it was illegal to have two separate amateur federations for the IFBB. 
The character Seven of Nine arrived just as the character Kes was leaving, and was intended to introduce a foil to Captain Kathryn Janeway in a similar manner as Spock in Star Trek: The Original Series. 
While a professional driver, he used Roush Racing engines (later Roush-Yates engines). 
The Windrush scandal is a 2018 British political scandal concerning people who were wrongly detained, denied legal rights, threatened with deportation, and, in around 63 cases, wrongly deported from the UK by the Home Office. 
The Arkham Sampler published fiction, poetry, reviews, letters, articles and bibliographic data. 
The Manchester Evening News would report the fact that Orange was attending a King Kong gig rather than focusing on the band themselves, much to the annoyance of the musicians. 
The film stars Vijay, Trisha and Mallika in the lead roles, with Livingston, Pasupathy, Benjamin, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Vaiyapuri and Manoj K. Jayan in other roles. 
Despite all this, common name common rainforest frog has been coined for it. 
At over 84,000 tons, Arcadia is the fourth largest of seven ships currently in service with P&O Cruises. 
Almost the entire population spends the spring and summer in Southern Ontario or the northeastern Lower Peninsula of Michigan in their breeding range and winters in The Bahamas. 
It was primarily developed by series creator and developer Square Enix, which also acted as publisher for all titles. 
It took place at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha, Qatar, from November 4 through November 9, 2008. 
George Andrews Reserve is an Australian soccer ground in Dandenong, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. 
The resulting folded tape will be 1/4 the width of the original fabric strip. 
These countries included Jamaica (whose involvement spurred the Walt Disney Pictures film Cool Runnings), Mexico, and New Zealand. 
Cosmopterix diplozona is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae. 
The 1998 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. 
Sister, Sister is an American sitcom that was created by Kim Bass, Gary Gilbert, Fred Shafferman that originally aired on ABC and later The WB. 
At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 17,538 people living in 2956 households. 
The National High Magnetic Field Laboratory is a three-campus user facility, home to six user programs in physics, chemistry and biology, and a world leader in the study of high magnetic fields. 
He made his first-class debut for Derbyshire during the 1978 season against the touring Pakistanis, taking two catches, before making his first appearance in the 1978 County Championship. 
Pain also won three medals in the men's skeleton event at the FIBT World Championships with two golds (2003, 2005) and a silver (2001). 
It was released in October 1992 as the fourth single for the album, primarily serviced to modern rock radio. 
In 1958, he was a candidate for the leadership of the Ontario Liberal Party, but received only 39 votes and dropped off after the first ballot at the party's leadership convention. 
Valle del Maipo has the most vineyards open to tourists with a total of 23, followed by Valle de Colchagua, with a total of 14 and Valle de Casablanca, with a total of 12. 
The aim of ISMERLO is to establish endorsed procedures as the international standard for submarine escape and rescue using consultation and consensus among submarine-operating nations. 
English footballer who plays for Belper Town. 
Janet ran the label and Dave made the records. 
It consists of willows, mostly white (Salix alba), there are also some other shrub willows and alders along with oaks and other species. 
Known for working on several corruption cases earned him the nickname the "watch dog". 
Imprisonment (from imprison Old French, French emprisonner, from en in + prison prison, from Latin prensio, arrest, from prehendere, prendere, to seize) is the restraint of a person's liberty, for any cause whatsoever, whether by authority of the government, or by a person acting without such authority. 
Washington Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Gila County, Arizona, United States. 
Rugeley B power station was commissioned in 1970 and closed on 8 June 2016. 
The 2022 FIFA World Cup is scheduled to be the 22nd edition of the FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial international men's football championship contested by the national teams of the member associations of FIFA. 
There are indications that the settlement had been there as early as the beginning of the 14th century while its existence is certified from the mid-15th century. 
Rubus biformispinus, the pasture dewberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family. 
Tagourait is a town and commune in Tipaza Province in northern Algeria. 
In linguistics, a light verb is a verb that has little semantic content of its own and forms a predicate with some additional expression, which is usually a noun. 
To a large extent a vehicle for authors associated with the Royal Institution, it was taken over by the Institution in 1830, and then appeared as the Journal of the Royal Institution, to 1832.In 1864 William Crookes started the Quarterly Journal of Science with James Samuelson. 
Those diagnosed with epilepsy or certain other neurological conditions are more vulnerable to seizures if the threshold is reduced, and should be compliant with their anticonvulsant drug regimen. 
The Butterfly LLC was an American aircraft manufacturer specializing in homebuilt gyroplanes. 
Dongargaon is a village in Mulshi taluka of Pune District in the state of Maharashtra, India. 
The club is based at the Harold Stevens Athletics Track. 
Barris chose the ten-carburetor setup with the ten air horns and lantern lights. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2002. 
Hybrid Theory is the debut studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000, through Warner Bros. Records. 
Texas A&M plays in the West Division, while Missouri plays in the East Division, although, geographically, Missouri is one of the conference's westernmost teams. 
Motya is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family. 
They are often held on the flight deck or in a large hangar bay for carriers, much like a day at the beach with volleyball and other sporting events. 
St Johns Wood is a locality within the suburb of Ashgrove in Brisbane, Australia. 
He first came to Virginia as early as 1624. 
Allyson Aires dos Santos (born 23 October 1990), commonly known as Allyson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Maccabi Haifa. 
It publishes three times a year, in the spring, summer, and fall. 
Matthew 5:12 is the twelfth verse of the fifth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament. 
Sorelianism is advocacy for or support of the ideology and thinking of French revolutionary syndicalist Georges Sorel. 
In 2012, The Walt Disney Company acquired ILM as part of its purchase of Lucasfilm. 
The film was first aired at HBO on May 11, 1991. 
The blagovest is a type of peal in Russian Orthodox bell ringing. 
At age 21, he published a book called "Couscous met appelmoes, dialoog met Marokkanen" (Couscous with apple sauce, dialog with Moroccans) concerning life's issues of Moroccan youths. 
19th-century critics often praised Monsieur D'Olive as one of Chapman's best comedies. 
It is named for Thomas J. Hatem, whose long involvement in Harford County politics (as a Democrat) includes one term in the Maryland House of Delegates, a long stint as a county commissioner, service as state insurance commissioner and six years on the Public Service Commission. 
In 2009 at the age of 17 he became the youngest person to sail around the world solo. 
In addition to the social media that it provides, Wooxie is a tool for online business promotion and provides several tools to assist in this purpose. 
Tetrandrine has anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrogenic actions, which make tetrandrine and related compounds potentially useful in the treatment of lung silicosis, liver cirrhosis, and rheumatoid arthritis. 
The Council was established in 1995. 
Frontline Ltd. is the world's largest oil tanker shipping company, based in Hamilton, Bermuda and controlled by John Fredriksen. 
It has a Roman Catholic ethos. 
Leslie St Auburn Reifer (born 5 September 1989) is a Barbadian cricket umpire. 
Saratsundari Devi (1849-1886) was a Bengali landed aristocrat of the Putia Raj family based in Rajshahi District, Bengal Presidency. 
It is located near the A5 road in between the city of St. Albans and the large village of Redbourn. 
Pond is a psychedelic rock band from Perth, Western Australia, formed in 2008. 
In this one they visit a preserve for dragons, wyrmroost, strange changes are wrought in Seth, and the society go farther than they ever have. 
Bolands Center is a heritage-listed department store at Lake Street, Cairns, Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia. 
During the broadcast, Pepsi Chart Show presenter Neil Fox revealed in a live link-up that "Sound of the Underground" recorded by Girls Aloud had reached Number one on the Singles Chart, thereby becoming the Christmas Number One. 
Talashe Haq is a 1935 Indian film directed by C. M. Luhar. 
Prepaid telephone calls are a popular way of making telephone calls which allow the caller to control spending without making a commitment with the telephone company. 
It stars Suriya and Trisha in lead role. 
Blessed with natural speed, the colt had health problems that kept him off the racetrack until age three, when he began racing in the early part of the year in Florida, earning his first win at Gulfstream Park. 
Whereas downstream speed is important to the average home user for purposes of downloading content, uploads are used mainly for web server applications and similar processes where the sending of data is critical. 
An assembly is a runtime unit consisting of types and other resources. 
Justis is officially credited as Bill Everette. 
Abaqus/Electromagnetic, a Computational electromagnetics software application which solves advanced computational electromagnetic problems. 
James David Riggleman (born November 9, 1952) is an American manager and coach. 
Mishi Choudhary is a technology lawyer and online civil liberties activist working in the United States and India. 
Fishpool is an area of Bury, in Greater Manchester, England. 
Martin attended St. Anselm College and the University of Hartford. 
Fred P. Graham (born October 6, 1931) served as chief anchor and managing editor of the former Court TV. 
Each team consists of five students. 
Stockdale in 2007 won the Nantes Grand Prix and Bordeaux Grand Prix with Corlato on consecutive weekends, as well as placing fifth in the CN International "Million Dollar" Grand Prix. 
Beginning in 2002, she was one of 15 students selected from more than 500 applicants. 
Conversely, many general-purpose languages have dialects that are used as scripting languages. 
While with the Rivermen, Fletcher was signed to a NHL contract with affiliate, the St. Louis Blues. 
The warmest salt water beaches north of Virginia can be found on the Northumberland Strait, at Parlee Beach in Shediac. 
All Too Flat's elgooG site found practical use in the People's Republic of China after the domestic banning of Google, circumventing the Great Firewall. 
It is located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and is a member of both the New York Interschool and the Ivy Preparatory School League. 
However, by September 2010, both Franceschini and Fassino had re-approached with Bersani, a move which was not approved by Veltroni and Fioroni. 
The year 1689 in science and technology involved some significant events. 
The flags of France, Italy, Romania, Mexico, and Ireland were all first adopted with the formation of an independent republic in the period of the French Revolution to the Revolutions of 1848, with the exception of the Irish tricolor, which dates from 1848 but was not popularized until the Easter Rising in 1916 and adopted in 1919. 
Waveland, Florida, was a community in what is now Martin County, Florida, which encompassed all of Sewall's Point, that part of Rio lying east of Warner Creek, and that part of Jensen Beach lying south of N.E. Center Street, more or less. 
Copelatus ornatipennis is a species of diving beetle. 
It provides insight to prospective undergraduate students using first-hand accounts of attending students as well as an overview of the admissions process. 
This was Bachchan's third film since his comeback after a five-year hiatus; it failed at the box office, but hit in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. 
Kathleen Howell is an American scientist and aerospace engineer known for her contributions to dynamical systems theory applied to spacecraft trajectory design which led to the use of halo orbit in multiple NASA space missions. 
Rogers won the Offensive Rookie of the Year, as he rushed all-time rookie record of 1,674 yards, a record which was eclipsed just two years later when Eric Dickerson of the Los Angeles Rams rushed for 1,808. 
A limited updated and expanded edition was published in hardcover in 2015 by Decibel Books. 
In March 2017, the support program was renamed to Novel-T for a better distinction between the organization and the campus. 
He served on the National Security Council under President Ronald Reagan. 
The firm currently has more than 800 attorneys in 21 offices. 
The 2014 Three Days of De Panne (Dutch: 2014 VDK-Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde) was the 38th edition of the Three Days of De Panne, an annual bicycle stage race. 
Boutsen Ginion Racing is a Belgian auto racing team currently competing in the World Touring Car Cup and TCR Benelux Touring Car Championship. 
2Spot Communications has been featured on numerous television programs including Bangkok Post's PostScript and Thailand's Morning Talk TV. 
American Signal Corporation is an outdoor warning siren company in America founded in 1942. 
Both nave and aisles are embattled. 
Terminal is the third full-length album by the Norwegian band Ancestral Legacy, released under Norwegian record label Whispering Voice Records on September 29, 2014. 
It is an amphoteric oxide. 
Over time, the band's lineup shifted from "pretty much a free-for-all" to a fairly steady five-member lineup. 
Three years later he was a key member of the full-forward line on the Bennettsbridge team that claimed the county junior championship before later winning the Leinster and All-Ireland titles. 
Club Sport Brazi is a Romanian football club from Brazi, Prahova County founded in 1968 by the Brazi oil refinery. 
The beach is named for Italian inventor Guglielmo Marconi. 
The Lafarge Foot Avenir is a football competition contested by national youth teams (and club youth teams) in Limoges, France, and held annually since 2007. 
The series aired on CBS from April 8, 1978 to May 13, 1978.The series was a spin-off of Busting Loose and was one of two series Knight starred in that bore his name; in 1986 his sitcom Too Close for Comfort changed its name to The Ted Knight Show. 
The list is based on the most recent authoritative treatment of Norfolk Island, the 1994 Flora of Australia 49. 
Evangelistic Association of the East is the first missionary association of Syriac Orthodox Church founded in 1924 by 'Malphono Naseeho' Very. 
Iodolactonization (or, more generally, Halolactonization) is an organic reaction that forms a ring (the lactone) by the addition of an oxygen and iodine across a carbon-carbon double bond. 
The groupware suite is based on an advanced Application Programming Interface (API). 
As of 2005, East Union High School enrolls over 1,600 students annually. 
Sun Yat-sen and Li Yuan-hung were elected as President and Vice-President respectively. 
AAP was the ultimate development of a number of official and unofficial Apollo follow-on projects studied at various NASA labs. 
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home venue for Arusha FC. 
The team play in the Welsh Football League Division Two . 
Phyllomacromia contumax, the two-banded cruiser, is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae that lives in sub-Saharan Africa. 
In the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM), catatonia is not recognized as a separate disorder, but is associated with psychiatric conditions such as schizophrenia (catatonic type), bipolar disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and other mental disorders, narcolepsy, as well as drug abuse or overdose (or both). 
WSRT (106.7 FM) is a sports format radio station that broadcasts out of Gaylord, Michigan. 
Parkview is an unincorporated community in northern Harrison Township, Vigo County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. 
The town is connected by the SS115 state road, leading from Trapani to Syracuse. 
In June 2010, Ralphs Bay was saved when the Tasmanian Planning Commission rejected the proposed 'Lauderdale Quay' canal housing development. 
This is a list of people convicted of treason. 
A constitutional referendum was held in French Cameroons on 13 October 1946 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum. 
It glorifies the achievements of the Asante kingdom. 
Chimeric genes (literally, made of parts from different sources) form through the combination of portions of two or more coding sequences to produce new genes. 
At the 1950 British Empire Games he won the silver medal in the men's coxless pair alongside David Gould. 
Turn-off notices, which are sent after a regular bill has been sent, but may resemble a bill, are generally sent several days to weeks before the planned date, giving the customer a sufficient amount of time to make a payment that would avert the interruption. 
In molecular biology, RFPL3 antisense RNA 1 (non-protein coding), also known as RFPL3-AS1 is a long non-coding RNA. 
Engineering technicians often assist engineers and technologists in projects relating to research and development, or focus on post-development activities like implementation or operation. 
The health status measured with EQ-5D is used for estimating preference weight for that health status, then by combining the weight with time, quality-adjusted life year (QALY) can be computed. 
Sulaimaniyah International Airport (IATA: ISU, ICAO: ORSU) is an airport 15 kilometers outside the city of Sulaimaniyah, in Iraqi Kurdistan. 
The film was nominated for a Best Song Oscar for "Blues in the Night" (Music by Harold Arlen; lyrics by Johnny Mercer). 
There is a shuttle bus between the local regions. 
The current Minister of police is General Bheki Cele. 
Within 18 months the initial intake of 29 students had grown dramatically to a full-capacity school roll of 210 students. 
Anil Rajbhar is the state minister of Uttar Pradesh with independent charge. 
The US team, under his direction, won nine medals at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles in 1984. 
The novel is an unintended sequel to Drabble's 1987 novel The Radiant Way, follows the lives of the three protagonist women first introduced in that novel. 
It was issued onto Davis' studio album of the same name. 
Like the XP-54, the Ascender was initially designed for the Pratt & Whitney X-1800 engine and had to be redesigned when that engine project was canceled. 
Davallodes, Humata, and Wibelia have species in cultivation as well. 
While similar to both the Martingale and Labouchere strategies, "Due-column betting" differs from other like betting systems in that it accounts for the odds variance in successive parimutuel propositions. 
Since then, a total of 101 centuries, including six double centuries, have been scored. 
He specializes in phonetics and phonology as well as in forensic linguistics. 
It is taboo to look beyond the entrance. 
The Elite 1 Mile Race will also take place in Stockton on Tees that weekend after moving from Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the first time. 
Ashanti is a 1982 Hindi-language action-crime film directed by Umesh Mehra, starring Rajesh Khanna, Mithun Chakraborty, Jeevan, Zeenat Aman, Parveen Babi, Shabana Azmi and Amrish Puri. 
John Tucker was an English slave trader for the Royal African Company from London, England. 
Produced by Saul Davies, guitarist and co-producer with British rock group James. 
Japan 1996 Live was recorded at On Air West in Tokyo and also in Osaka, Japan in June, 1996. 
Plants have chemical "machinery" which transforms some of them (primarily the nitrogen compounds) into useful substances, and it has been shown by Brian J. Ford that abscised leaves also carry wastes away from the parent plant. 
Pablo Simeon Ishmael Mills (born 27 May 1984) is an English footballer. 
The flying river is a movement of large quantities of water vapor transported in the atmosphere from the Amazon Basin to other parts of South America. 
At that time he was influenced by Rick Griffin whose artwork regularly appeared in Surfer Magazine. 
This class is based on the design of the Damen 1800 OPV vessel. 
Sofi Oksanen (born January 7, 1977) is a Finnish writer and playwright. 
It was released on March 8, 1994 through Mercury Records and consisted of hip hop and contemporary R&B with Jellybean Benitez serving as the soundtrack's supervisor. 
She was ordained in 1984, and became the rector of Grace-Calvary Episcopal Church (Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta) in Clarkesville, Georgia in 1992. 
Vladimir Constantinescu (born 1895, died 1965) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. 
Parliament is the law-making body of Namibia's legislature. 
She also played RajKumari Sandhya in Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat. 
In 2010, it became part of the Central Military District. 
The show was established in the memory of Toronto comedic performer Tim Sims and has raised significant annual contributions for the Tim Sims Encouragement Fund Award (TSEF). 
Lee later became a semi-regular member of the starting fifteen, however, he ended his playing days without silverware. 
Founded in 2005, the ministry became part of the Ministry of Economic Development and Innovation in 2011. 
The album has 14 songs and it closes with two live tracks, one of them being a cover song, that fit the studio tracks quite well and re-enforce the theatrical atmosphere even more. 
WZCK-LD is a low-power digital television station in the Madison, Wisconsin area, and officially twin-licensed to both Madison and Middleton. 
Although there are incorporated areas in the northwest, the city does not have any parks in that region. 
An air door or air curtain is a device used to prevent air or contaminants from moving from one open space to another. 
The second building held the superintendent's apartment and housed the boys. 
Although applications perceive no functional differences, HiperSockets require less processing overhead on either side of the connections, improving performance. 
He is currently the head coach for the Brooklyn Knights' PDL squad. 
Salamandra finished in fourth place in the first round in 1995, and again failed to qualify for the final round. 
Thomas "Tom" Cowan (born 28 August 1969) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a defender. 
Shoji is particularly known for his red carpet gowns and evening wear. 
In 2015, it was announced that Oliver would no longer be appearing as regularly on the show, and Lou made a temporary departure on 1 May 2015. 
Tucker is an outspoken advocate of net neutrality, and her upcoming film, The Truth About Business (currently in pre-production) explores the issue through the lens of romantic comedy. 
There are also an automotive shop and a culinary program run by students from Beloit Memorial High School. 
The abandoned railway right of way is now part of the Trans Canada Trail. 
This surface can then be inked using proprietary oil based printing ink and impressions made using a simple pressure printing press. 
This gene encodes a member of the ganglioside-induced differentiation-associated protein family, which may play a role in a signal transduction pathway during neuronal development. 
Morrison Lake is a lake of Ontario, Canada. 
A sellisternium for the Magna Mater was part of her ludi Megalenses; a representation of her temple on the Augustan Ara Pietatis probably shows her sellisternum, which includes Attis, her castrated consort. 
Mormons practice baptism and celebrate the Eucharist, but they also participate in religious rituals not practiced by traditional Christianity. 
However, there are also a few fantasy scenarios including the stopping of an alien invasion, and surviving after a nuclear apocalypse. 
Michele Medda (born December 7, 1962) is an Italian comics writer. 
Loveless also did a cover of the Lone Justice song, "Don't Toss Us Away", which featured Rodney Crowell on backing vocals. 
As of the 2013-14 academic year, there were about 19,000 undergraduates and 2,763 graduate students enrolled in the college. 
The episode was written by Bill Wrubel and directed by Ron Underwood. 
She is best known for her collaborations with Fuad al Muqtadir and her duet album Ekhon Ami with Sumon. 
Made of cast iron, the bridge was cast in Shropshire, England. 
She holds her head upright and faces straight ahead, her right arm is bent and held up, her left is held at hip height. 
GPS Tuner is the name of a software company based in Budapest, Hungary, and of a software product they make. 
They were spoken by 4,400 people in 2010. 
Silverado premiered in the United States on July 9, 1985. 
Anthony John Sidoti (born 31 July 1970), an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Drummoyne since 2011. 
The Boys' Brigade in Australia is a Christian uniformed youth organization in Australia, which is part of the global Boys' Brigade movement. 
Headquarters of this block is at Mothabari. 
The Royal Standard of Norway (Norwegian: Kongeflagget) is used by the King of Norway. 
It was released on 19 September 2012 in the UK, 20 September 2012 in Japan and Australia, and 25 September 2012 for the North American markets. 
Vicksburg is a census-designated place located in Buffalo Township, Union County in the state of Pennsylvania, United States. 
Alcante, pen name of Didier Swysen (born 21 November 1970, Belgium) is a Belgian comics writer, best known for his series Pandora Box. 
He was called into the Hurricanes Wider Training Squad in 2016, he then gained 4 caps including playing in the 2016 Super Rugby season final. 
It begins at the Blauvelt Free Library on Western Highway in the hamlet of Blauvelt, and ends at the intersection of Oak Tree Road in the hamlet of Tappan. 
Kalhang is a village located north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India. 
Tyme Out (formerly known as IIIrd Tyme Out) is a bluegrass band formed in 1991 in Cumming, Georgia. 
The 1987 Championship was won by Georgia, breaking the Utah Red Rocks five-year NCAA Championship streak. 
She competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China. 
Loxographe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. 
Arthur Inch, butler technical consultant for the film Gosford Park, stated in an interview that he began his life in service as a hall boy at the age of 15. 
It was formed by breeders who wanted to preserve the history and heritage of the lines and how they were evolved. 
The Cabinet of Algeria is the chief executive body of the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria. 
It is an agreement to focus particularly on "the worldwide conditions that pose severe threats to the sustainable development of our people, which include: chronic hunger; malnutrition; foreign occupation; armed conflict; illicit drug problems; organized crime; corruption; natural disasters; illicit arms trafficking; trafficking in persons; terrorism; intolerance and incitement to racial, ethnic, religious and other hatreds; xenophobia; and endemic, communicable and chronic diseases, in particular HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis." 
In the pilot episode Joe escapes an ongoing beating by Simon's henchmen to rescue Azure. 
It has ACID transactions, joins, and a logical query language, Datalog. 
Gorgonians are sessile colonial cnidarians found throughout the oceans of the world, especially in the tropics and subtropics. 
He died of TB. 
It occupied him during the years 1827-28 while he was at school, first in Dresden and later in Leipzig. 
"The Big Empty" continues the events of the previous episode, through the point-of-view of the show's initial three main characters: After the explosion of the Canterbury, former executive officer Jim Holden and his crew on the badly damaged space shuttle Knight try to survive with scarce air and supplies; Detective Miller continues his investigation of Julie Mao and deals with water rationing problems in Ceres Station; Deputy Undersecretary Chrisjen Avasarala continues her interrogation of imprisoned Outer Planets Alliance (OPA) member Heikki Sabong. 
Devotion to Our Lady of Walsingham was also encouraged. 
Air pressurized water (APW) extinguishers are a type of fire extinguisher that use ordinary water (H2O) to suppress fire. 
The counting was conducted with protection from Central Paramilitary Forces. 
The inflorescence is a hairy cluster of flowers with small green or purple-tinged sepals and no petals. 
It was the 2nd edition of the Thailand Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. 
Fires prevent the buildup of vegetation and allow sun to reach smaller plants, such as the sedge. 
On June 10, 2010, at least 19 people were killed in the Mexican state of Chihuahua in shooting attacks due to an ongoing drug war. 
This world is persistent and mutable, meaning player characters are able to make permanent changes to it by destroying and building landscape and houses etc. 
The Pascal-based GP100 chip was released on 20 June 2016, and the Volta-based GV100 chip was released on 21 June 2017. 
All four of Crane's buildings are connected underground. 
PATH400 Greenway Trail is a multi-use trail under construction along the Georgia 400 freeway in Buckhead, Atlanta. 
Often, short lines exist for all three of these reasons. 
However, the site was edited heavily by Government officials, rendering pointless the exercise to interact with the public. 
USS Lucid (AM-458/MSO-458) is an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing naval mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships. 
Lauer turned professional in 1975. 
Separated by distance and speaking different languages, at present, they generally have little cultural affinity to each other. 
Extraordinary People was a television documentary series produced by Granada Television and broadcast on the ITV network in the United Kingdom between 10 March 1992 and 23 March 1993. 
It was discovered by John Herschel on December 28, 1834. 
It has a gable roof and features front and rear full-height porticoes supported by Ionic order columns. 
It is one of Super Junior-M's critically successful singles, winning accolades at various Chinese music festivals. 
Depending on the size of the puncture, the tire may deflate slowly or rapidly. 
Periaptodes olivieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. 
About a Burning Fire is the fourth album by post-hardcore band Blindside. 
Marquette won the men's division while Alabama won the women's Island Division and Michigan won the women's Reef Division. 
The British Columbia Dragoons are part of 3rd Canadian Division's 39 Canadian Brigade Group. 
It was inaugurated by then Speaker of Lok Sabha on 29 December 1989, in Parliament House Annexe, subsequently it shifted to its present in a Special Hall of the Sansadiya Gyanpeeth, Parliament Library Building, where it was inaugurated on 7 May 2002 by President of India, K. R. Narayanan. 
Cora aurea is a species of damselfly in the family Polythoridae known commonly as the black-banded bannerwing. 
Laredo College (LC), formerly known as Laredo Community College, was established as Laredo Junior College on September 28, 1947, by the Laredo Independent School District in Laredo, the county seat of Webb County in south Texas. 
It launched in April 2017 as a successor of the Huawei Honor 8 within the Huawei Honor series. 
Like many other docks, it can also be customized with skins and icons from other docks. 
The Ensa Gompa is located nearby. 
However, some of the original arcade games were ported into versions on third-party home consoles and developed by several companies. 
For informal events, men wear the Ethiopian dashiki. 
After the poem was written, the relationship between Coleridge and Godwin cooled and the poem was not reprinted. 
One variant is made as a lace-up shoe rather than a slip-on shoe. 
The film was made on a small budget in Sydney with a predominantly Australian cast. 
Monnett Hall was razed in the late 1970s and the site is now occupied by Monnett Gardens. 
The women's 10 meter platform, also reported as platform diving, was one of four diving events on the Diving at the 1976 Summer Olympics program. 
The 6th Transportation Battalion is a transportation battalion of the United States Army first constituted in 1943. 
The following lists events that happened during 2016 in Cape Verde. 
Beginning in February 2000 the journal initiated the Bhagwati Award, named in honor of Jagdish Bhagwati. 
The story was notable for bringing long-dead Batman supporting character Jason Todd back to life, and reimagining him as a brutally violent antihero known as the Red Hood. 
The group was founded in 1985 by Bibhas Chakraborty. 
Clor was a short-lived five-piece band from Brixton, England, formed by Barry Dobbin and Luke Smith in 2003 and which signed to the Parlophone record label after only six gigs. 
Bowser Manufacturing is a United States manufacturer of model railroad equipment, located in Montoursville, Pennsylvania. 
Her third directorial effort, 2006's Berbagi Suami, was controversial yet successful. 
Kandireega (English: Wasp) is a Telugu romantic-action-comedy film directed by Santosh Srinivas and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions and released on 12 August 2011. 
The Ministry of Tribal Affairs is responsible for the welfare of scheduled tribes (ST). 
The pupae are "incomplete or obtect." 
Acyl halides and anhydrides of carboxylic acids are also commonly used acylating agents to acylate amines to form amides or acylate alcohols to form esters. 
Virtual reality-enabled versions for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive were released on 18 October 2017. 
In his writings and speeches, Nehru had laid great emphasis on the manner in which post-colonial India would rebuild its Asia connections. 
It is found in France, Italy and possibly Switzerland. 
She was listed as sold for $260,000 at Keeneland September. 
Yuri Trubachev (born March 9, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). 
Thala hilli is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters. 
The game went into development in late 1999, it used a new type of geographic software called "re-flex" (renamed Geo-Mod by Volition) which allowed the integration of fully destructible level maps. 
The 1906 Victorian Football League season was the 10th season of the elite Australian rules football competition. 
God Speed is a painting by British artist Edmund Leighton, depicting an armored knight departing to war and leaving his beloved. 
Roy Kerr, aka the Freelance Hellraiser, is one of the creators of the UK bootleg (mashup) scene. 
Forever Young is Kaysha's latest album by Sushiraw entertainment released 2009. 
We have reached round three-the San Marino Grand Prix. 
Throughout time, as gifts, he used to receive paintings by Liang Zhaofeng, Lai Gemin, Chen Lu Di and Zhu Yongzhai. 
It is found between 2500 and 3800m in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. 
He was admitted to the Bar as a lawyer in 1827, but later became a Church of England clergyman, serving as vicar of Barkway with Reed, Hertfordshire, from 1840 to his death in 1881. 
At this meeting, world leaders ratified the United Nations Millennium Declaration. 
In January 2011, Xie defended his title in the Australian Open Chess Championship 2011 which he won two years earlier. 
It shares tracks with the South Morang railway line until Clifton Hill, then heads in a north-east direction through the cities of Yarra, Darebin and Banyule, and the Shire of Nillumbik. 
Hybridity Music, commonly referred to as Hybridity, is an independent Canadian record label. 
Although the Republicans gained a plurality, the Democrats narrowly maintained control of the House with minor party support, forming an alliance with the remaining third-party Progressives and Socialist Meyer London. 
Evgeny Katichev (born September 3, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for HC Vityaz in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). 
The song was released on June 4, 2001 by DreamWorks Records. 
It occupies 2.4 hectares of land. 
On 11 May 2013, Ronald joined Kirkintilloch Rob Roy as assistant manager to Stewart Maxwell. 
Varanasi has joined the global bandwagon of UNESCO "Cities of Music" under the Creative Cities Network. 
According to school website, around 3500 students currently attends Seethi Sahib H S S. Both high school and higher secondary follows state syllabus. 
Marter later joined Marillion, then Alaska, and since 1994 has played with the SAS Band, a loose conglomeration of musicians and singers led by Spike Edney, former keyboard player on stage with Queen. 
Universia network represents 10.1 million students, 8 million users and 850,000 university teaching staff (75% of the total number of students and staff in these countries); the network is sponsored by Santander Bank. 
InSinkErator is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin. 
The term is also used among Protestants to refer to different denominations of the same religious tradition. 
It is filmed at the Toronto Zoo in Toronto, Ontario and narrated by Vince Corazza. 
Spiegel is an American direct marketing and catalog company. 
This page lists all peers who held extant titles between the years 1330 and 1339. 
Machiel Evert Noordeloos (born 16 April 1949) is a Dutch mycologist. 
He has been arrested or detained some 30 times but he has never been convicted. 
Around 1989, however, with his wife expecting a child, Huth decided to leave Primus to dedicate time to his family. 
He also maintains an affiliation with the International Computer Science Institute. 
Royal Villa (Italian: Villa Reale) is a historical building in Monza, northern Italy. 
However, it filed for bankruptcy in 2018 leaving its Chinese investors in the lurch. 
It was launched as a platform for the views of the British Conservative Party, its masthead incorporating a quotation of the former Conservative Prime Minister, Benjamin Disraeli: "What is the Tory Party, unless it represents National feeling?" 
Some of them, like the Citadel of Aleppo, have suffered significant damage in the ongoing Syrian Civil War. 
Boudica's Way is a waymarked long-distance footpath in East Anglia, England, United Kingdom. 
It does however sell regional advertising space in connection to the regional slots, but this revenue is not used for TV 2/Fyn, but for the national TV 2. 
Alternatively, the rear seats could be removed entirely to provide more space. 
The Fuller Brush Man is a 1948 comedy film starring Red Skelton as a door-to-door salesman for the Fuller Brush Company who becomes a murder suspect. 
The LM3914 is an integrated circuit (IC) designed by National Semiconductor and used to operate displays that visually show the magnitude of an analog signal. 
Submarino is a 2010 Danish drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg, starring Jakob Cedergren and Peter Plaugborg. 
When correctly completed, the words read from left to right form a quote. 
The story was first published in Strand Magazine in April 1892. 
Born in Nuremberg, Germany, Heim studied under Ludwig Schultheiss. 
Williams is one of six NCAA Men's Division I college basketball coaches to have won at least three national championships. 
The tetrad is the four spores produced after meiosis of a yeast or other Ascomycota, Chlamydomonas or other alga, or a plant. 
The Proconesian marble for the sarcophagus was quarried on Marmara Island, Turkey, known as Proconnesus or Prokonnesos to the ancients. 
He turned professional in 1982, and after a failed visit to European Tour qualifying school in 1986 he spent time working as an assistant pro in New Jersey and playing on the mini-tour circuit in the United States. 
The election was held on the same date as the Peoria, Illinois Mayoral election of 2009. 
The Library Bill of Rights is the American Library Association's statement expressing the rights of library users to intellectual freedom and the expectations the association places on libraries to support those rights. 
His 10.04 personal best set at the Mt. SAC Relays on April 16, 2016 is the Asian Junior record. 
The American Domestic Show Flight is a breed of fancy pigeon developed over many years of selective breeding. 
Nawngbamu is a village in Homalin Township, Hkamti District, in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma. 
It also features two songs that Pitney had previously written for Ricky Nelson, "Hello Mary Lou" and "Today's Teardrops"; the latter also recorded by Roy Orbison. 
Its county seat is Hurley. 
He was Archdeacon of Waterford from 1831 until his resignation in 1845, after which he was the Rector of Abington. 
It ran 74 minutes and was intended for a 90 minute commercial time slot. 
Aprille Ericsson-Jackson (born April 1, 1963) is an American aerospace engineer. 
It has a broad scope, publishing on aspects of religious studies, philosophy, ancient languages, practical theology, sociology, and ethics. 
Born in Burlington, Vermont, United States, Honsinger was given music lessons from a very early age, as his mother had hopes of creating a chamber orchestra together with his brother and sister. 
The B songs are an ascending series of whistled notes that often contain some buzzy notes. 
It has no originating or halting stations from its station. 
Rugby union in Moldova is a popular sport. 
Nevertheless, two-cent pieces remain inexpensive by the standards of 19th-century American coinage. 
Jo-Han was a manufacturer of plastic scale promotional model cars and kits originally based in Detroit. 
Her best-known role is that of Carmela Corleone in The Godfather (1972) and The Godfather Part II (1974). 
The population was 5,223 at the 2010 census, up from 4,702 at the 2000 census. 
The Natal Mounted Rifles is an armored regiment of the South African Army. 
This is a list of albums and singles by the Celtic rock group Runrig. 
This tube - often equipped with a sintered bronze filter - is submerged into a reservoir bowl filled with light machine oil. 
Its probable true site was tentatively identified by archeologists in 2003 at a site on Purtan Bay, further west on the York River. 
The southern part of the road continues as Hospital Road, extending into the New Terminal of Bhubaneswar Airport. 
While at Oxford in 1984, he took part in the British televised quiz-show University Challenge. 
The re-release, Street Halo / Kindred, placed on the Ultratop 50 albums chart. 
It was founded by Sage Francis. 
The Apple Maggot Quarantine Area is a permanent quarantine area established by the U.S. state of Washington. 
Acraea guillemei is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. 
SDI Media Denmark is one of SDI Media Group's international branches. 
The PARS 3 LR in German service, also known as TRIGAT-LR (Third Generation AntiTank, Long Range) and AC 3G in French, is a fire-and-forget missile, which can be used against air or ground targets. 
Is the main male Kathak dancer of Pakistan with more than 30 years of experience of the Kathak artform. 
The Weyns's weaver (Ploceus weynsi) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family. 
Many of the Grubb holdings and the Cornwall Iron Mines were sold in 1902 to the Pennsylvania Steel Company (which was itself acquired by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation in 1916). 
The High Road debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 with 108,000 copies sold in its first week. 
William K. Wilson was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate. 
Livingston County is part of the Paducah, KY-IL Micropolitan Statistical Area. 
Older maps also show a cluster of buildings at Riggonhead, on the bank to the south-east of the main pond, at NT416752, but all that remains there now are some earth mounds which are frequently used by scrambler bikes. 
Thus the jaw of Pachygenelus can be seen as transitional between non-mammalian synapsids and true mammals. 
Those that make it through the auditions compete against other acts in a series of quarter finals, and then the semi finals. 
In Britain, it is commonly used in many kit cars and hot rods, especially in the 2 liter size. 
He has performed for numerous TV and film sound tracks. 
Adam Nodelman was an American bassist. 
He is an alumnus of Art Start and Public Allies. 
"Tony" Stark, also known as Iron Man. 
From 1939 to 1944, 146 magazine issues were published in total. 
It contains the single species Orcynia calcarata, which is found in the Amazon region, including French Guiana. 
Ole Rex is a 1961 American action film directed by Robert Hinkle and written by Robert Hinkle and Jack Specht. 
Stockholm Jazz Festival, established in 1980, is an annual jazz festival in Stockholm, Sweden. 
The site has the potential to provide scholars invaluable information about Native American funerary practices, settlement patterns, ethnic diversity, and other information about the people who inhabited the upper James River portion of southwestern Virginia. 
They wore underwear and cloth skirts. 
In 2012, she appeared in Joe Wright's film adaptation of Anna Karenina. 
Irmas is an American director and producer. 
Both Rocketmen and Race Day were later discontinued. 
Chiltern Hundreds is a 1947 English-language stage comedy by William Douglas-Home. 
The tour began January 1, 1988 in Portland, Maine at the Cumberland County Civic Center and ended August 20, 1988 at the Monsters of Rock festival in Donington Park. 
The Samadhi of Ranjit Singh and Hazuri Bagh Baradari are prime example of Sikh architecture during the rule of the Sikh Empire. 
It was recorded six times in 1940. 
Written by Clarkson with Jason Halbert, who handled its production, it is a Christmas-themed song about the witnessing the festive joys of the Christmas season, primarily on the night before the holiday itself. 
Roscoea bhutanica is a perennial herbaceous plant native to the mountains of Bhutan and Tibet. 
Despite her arrest and indictment on bribery charges, Troutman ran for alderman in 2007; she lost. 
Blatchford was appointed Peace Corps Director in 1969 by President Richard Nixon. 
Cithna is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Liotiidae. 
They were placed in the Piazza in the 16th century. 
The next single released was "Shelter". 
1.2 meter Millimeter-Wave Telescope at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and its twin instrument at CTIO in Chile have been studying the distribution and properties of molecular clouds in our Galaxy and its nearest neighbors since the 1970s. 
Rides is an automotive reality TV show produced for the TLC Network. 
The sloop, Commander William B. Shubrick in command, got underway for the Caribbean on 9 July 1829 and operated in the West Indies and along the Atlantic Coast until she decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia on 24 August 1831 and was placed in ordinary. 
The festival was held since the early 1990s, at Tanglewood, which is a beautiful outdoor festival grounds, and the summer home of the Boston Symphony Orchestra during June, July, and August, and given over to the jazz festival on the final weekend of the season. 
One prison officer died of a heart attack as a result of the escape and twenty others were injured, including two who were shot with guns that had been smuggled into the prison. 
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 23,596 people. 
An example is Captain Vorpatril's Alliance by Lois McMaster Bujold. 
Additionally, the game is updated through downloaded patches. 
DeGarmo played keyboards and provided vocals for the band. 
Drumm began his musical career at 15 years old as a Piano player at Geno's Brass Rail Restaurant. 
When Minnie broke up with him, he blackmailed her and raped her. 
His candidacy was formally announced on November 8, 2012 through an email to his supporters. 
Located in Bangalore, the National Law School of India University (or the Law School, as it is generally known) was established by a statute passed by the Legislative Assembly of the State of Karnataka. 
He is the co-founder of Specsavers, an international optical retail chain. 
As a player, he played in midfield for numerous Scottish clubs, most notably Dunfermline Athletic. 
Otherwise they were used interchangeably with other destroyer types. 
Virginia Sarpy Peugnet (July 4, 1827 - August 11, 1917) was one of the three original grand dames of St. Louis, Missouri. 
The party takes the view that offering the opportunity of positive abstention could assist in increasing voter turnout. 
Eric Thomas, Vice-Chancellor of Bristol University has criticized it because of the way in which it makes people view British higher education through an Oxbridge prism. 
Task Force ODIN, whose name is an acronym for observe, detect, identify, and neutralize, is a United States Army aviation battalion created in August 2006 to conduct reconnaissance, surveillance and target acquisition (RSTA) operations to combat insurgent operators of improvised explosive devices in Iraq. 
The breed was given the name of the latter village and the singular is thus also Faverolles, not Faverolle. 
Lullabies for Little Criminals was a publishing sensation in Canada and went on to become an international bestseller. 
Material may be stored because individuals shared specific genes and phenotypes that may be of value or have potential value for researchers or breeders. 
Alex Carder (born October 22, 1989) is an American football quarterback for the West Michigan Ironmen of Midwest Professional Indoor Football (MPIF). 
The title Primate was applied to the Archbishop of Carthage and Tunis for a time from 1894 till Tunisian independence in 1964. 
It is found throughout Europe with the exception of the Benelux union, the Nordic countries, and the British Isles. 
Directed by Herman Escueta, it stars Jessica "Gracia" Cortez. 
The specific name commemorates the French naturalist Alfred Duvaucel. 
Two Eleven debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with first week sales of 65,000 copies, becoming Norwood's fourth top ten and her first in eight years. 
The shock of Shays' Rebellion drew retired General George Washington back into public life, leading to his two terms as the United States' first President. 
The "moto career" Moto Guzzi all had an advantage in that their cargo sat behind the driver. 
Greenberg was shot through the face and another man, John Sweeney, was killed. 
The bibliography contains works on the history of, flying of, construction of, scientific use of and fiction about kites. 
Derek McGrath (born 1976) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a center-forward for the Waterford senior team. 
He argued that fascism, National Socialism and socialism had common roots in central economic planning and empowering the state over the individual. 
Unlike their benthic relatives the ascidians, thaliaceans are free-floating (pelagic) for their entire lifespan. 
Urt is a railway station in Urt, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France. 
It is also JC Brutal's last release with the band, and Vincent Hyde's first. 
Ekori is a community in Yakuur, Nigeria. 
This species is very similar to Pterostylis rufa which has a narrower labellum and other minor differences. 
Scottish Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the Canadian Army. 
The genus contains only one species, Fasslia hampsoni, which is found in Colombia. 
Chamaetylas is a genus of small, mainly insectivorous birds in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae that are native to sub-Saharan Africa. 
The influential show helped to launch the careers of numerous hip hop artists, particularly those along the East Coast. 
The former talk station also featured local talk show hosts Dale Pflug and Lester Lob. 
It is a version of an internationally distributed folk song type. 
The Auto & Burglar Gun was a US-made factory-built handgun that was commercially manufactured by configuring a standard double-barrel shotgun with a pistol grip, at first engraving and later stamping "Auto & Burglar Gun" on each side of the frame, and shortening the barrels to about 10" to 12.2" in length. 
Gregory D. Headley (born in Dallas, Texas) is an experimental composer and performer, as well as owner of 28 Angles, an independent record label. 
Novelty bacon dishes and other bacon-related items have been popularized rapidly via the internet. 
The Trust ruled in November 2008 that the service would not be value for money and called instead for more improvements to be made to the existing programming. 
There is one book for each of the three seasons of Star Trek: TOS. 
Sean used his studio musicians to record some demo material for Peter Criss that was simply released on Peter's solo album. 
Adam soon learns that twelve nuclear bombs placed around the world will go off at midnight on Christmas Eve. 
Employees, employers, and labor unions can request assistance from the HHE program at no cost to them. 
After that, Stansfield took a break from music and focused on her film career. 
Main roads in the area include Norton Road, Weeroona Drive and the eastern parts of Bungendore Road. 
The story was published during the Cold War, and serves as an allegory to the nuclear arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union. 
It established awards in numerous categories, ranging from design, to acting, to overall production. 
Cockerill attended Winchester School and subsequently played for the Old Wykehamists in a match in 1817, one of his 2 known appearances in first-class matches. 
Taiwanese Canadians are Canadian citizens who originated from Canada and are of Taiwanese ancestry. 
DNA replication licensing factor MCM3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MCM3 gene. 
Denise C. Nuttall Stephens is an associate professor of astronomy in the College of Physics and Mathematics in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Brigham Young University. 
Widgeon is a heritage variety of wheat that has traditionally been used for thatching in the UK. 
When she is humiliated by her classmates at the high school prom, she unleashes chaos on everyone and everything in her path. 
Sterling Gates (born March 1, 1981 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American comic book writer currently writing for the CW's The Flash. 
Degeneration of this area can be associated with progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease. 
Launched in January 2006, WRJQ features a wide variety of polka music, but primarily plays the "Midwest Oompah" sound featuring the Dutchmen-style and Czech/Bohemian-style. 
Clontarf is a locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia. 
Species include: Philippia absinthoides E. G. H. Oliver Philippia alticola E.G.H. Oliv. 
Empson took maternity leave in October 2013 and after appearing several times during her break via webcam, Kim returned to Albert Square on 30 December 2014.Kim is described as "viscous and bubbly" on the outside, but hiding vulnerability and low self-esteem. 
In 1889 Southern States Land and Lumber Company bought the founding company. 
The Last Grenade is a 1970 British war film directed by Gordon Flemyng and starring Stanley Baker and Alex Cord as two soldiers of fortune, formerly comrades, who now find themselves on opposite sides. 
Further Adventures of The Joker (1990; Bantam Books, 457 pages) is an English paperback anthology of short fiction stories about Batman's archenemy the Joker. 
From Russia with Love is the last James Bond video game by Electronic Arts marketed before they lost the rights to Activision in 2006. 
He studied Judo, Aikido, Ju Jitsu and has formulated his own style called Nagasu Do. 
KSC airs a college radio format. 
Barilepis grisea is a species of flower weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae. 
Sava Commission has been established for purpose of the implementation of the Framework Agreement on the Sava River Basin (FASRB), namely the provision of cooperation of the Parties to the FASRB, for realization of the following goals: establishment of an international regime of navigation on the Sava River, establishment of sustainable water management and undertaking of measures to prevent or limit hazards. 
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 2000. 
Following this period, with Pulp's 2011 reunion, Doyle joined the rest of the Different Class line-up on stage in concert for their UK comeback gig at the Isle of Wight Festival on 11 June 2011. 
It also simplifies the administrative oversight of the properties by the federal government. 
Nimi is a language spoken in Papua New Guinea. 
Shannonvale is a community in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada. 
The relative weight of a declaration, and the ability to catch on, help to distinguish true election surprises from minor events. 
Carton was born in Baltimore on August 25, 1930. 
Dale Peck (born 1967) is an American novelist, critic, and columnist. 
It is run at Krefeld over a distance of 1,700 meters (1 mile and 99 yards), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November. 
The company develops, manufactures and sells products and solutions within hygiene and health. 
The Sinosol Group is an international project developer and provider of solar power plants, as well as a supplier of photovoltaic (PV) systems. 
The album's title is in reference to the fact that the band promised that they would only ever release one album. 
The band has a compilation coming out, to help drummer Timothy Henderson with his health problems. 
Ireri Gathimba (born 26 October 1987) is a Kenyan racewalking athlete. 
He played college football at Mesa State and Colorado. 
Surface water is water on the surface of the planet such as in a river, lake, wetland, or ocean. 
Catholic World News (CWN) is an online independent news service founded in 1996 by Philip F. Lawler, formerly of The Heritage Foundation, providing news concerning the Roman Catholic Church. 
Susanne Maria "Sussie" Eriksson (born 2 January 1963) is a Swedish singer and actress. 
Rosebury was one of four senior AFL umpires appointed during the 2000 AFL season. 
Some of the selections were apparently based on speculation. 
Ellen was the daughter of Orson Spencer for whom Spencer Clawson was named. 
Individual states determine when and how frequent elections occur. 
Josh is played by Robert Newman and Reva is played by Kim Zimmer. 
Chandraguptha Chanakya is an Indian Tamil language historical drama film produced and directed by C. K. Sachi with Bhavani K. Sambamurthy and N. C. Vasanthakokilam in the lead roles. 
The Mississippian Railway (reporting mark MSRW) is a short line railroad operating from Amory, Mississippi, to Fulton, Mississippi. 
He was repatriated to Denmark on February 24, 2004. 
Sandersonia is a rhizomatous plant genus native to South Africa (the Cape Provinces, KwaZulu-Natal and the Northern Provinces) and Swaziland, part of the family Colchicaceae. 
Ricarda Lobe is in the MTG Manneheim team. 
In 2002, Heins signed a declaration put forward by the Renfrew Chamber of Commerce that Renfrew would be considered the birthplace of the National Hockey League. 
The game received mixed reviews from critics, with Metacritic scores of 63/100, 64/100, and 50/100 on PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox, respectively. 
Federal Route 105, or Jalan Lapangan Terbang Langkawi 1, is a major federal road in Langkawi Island, Kedah, Malaysia. 
Acepromazine is used primarily as a chemical restraint in hyperactive or fractious animals. 
The passage of the act angered state GOP party officials who recruited a Rupert farmer to run against him in the 1976 Republican primary. 
The Ennomini are a tribe of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily. 
Kot is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. 
In Dungeons & Dragons, fantasy role-playing game, Arborea or more fully, the Olympian Glades of Arborea, is a chaotic good-aligned plane of existence. 
Both consuls, Servilius and his colleague Aulus Verginius, remained in Rome to deal with the threat. 
Other tablecloths are designed to be spread on a dining table before laying out tableware and food. 
Paper Planes was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 24 June 2015 by Roadshow Entertainment. 
The current principal is Linda Ihnat. 
All works are selected for publication based on their ability to educate the public. 
The stadium holds 4,500 people and was opened in 2000. 
The Duluth Armory, also known as the Duluth National Guard Armory, is a historic building in Duluth, Minnesota, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
A complete facsimile edition of the psalter was made in 1875 (Lowe, 237), and another in 1984 (Graz). 
Sanam Jung had left on the end month of the year due to giving birth to a daughter. 
He received his B.S. and M.S. in Stanford University's Mechanical Engineering Department. 
Neoregelia zonata is a species in the genus Neoregelia. 
He competed on the television music reality show Indian Idol season 2 in 2006. 
The 161st Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Army and the Washington Army National Guard. 
In this way the resulting average support percentages do not reflect the actual support percentage for any candidate of the pooled polls. 
Its saliva contains toxins which paralyze earthworms in particular. 
The Easter Week 2006 tornado outbreak sequence was a tornado outbreak sequence during the days leading up to Easter and continued into the first week after Easter. 
The defending champion, Stephen Hendry, was defeated in the last 16 by Marcus Campbell. 
Galanin is a neuropeptide encoded by the GAL gene, that is widely expressed in the brain, spinal cord, and gut of humans as well as other mammals. 
BlackArts Racing Team (BAR) is a China / Hong Kong registered motor racing team that was formed in January, 2015. 
Both events were held in an indoor arena. 
The operation was uncovered and thwarted by the IRA South Armagh Brigade. 
Minidisc is the only full-length release by Gescom. 
This article presents the main landmarks in the City of Paris within its administrative limits divided by the 20 Arrondissements of Paris, (Administrative Units). 
Based in Great Bend and Barton County, Kansas, the Rebels were one of the thirteen founding member corps of Drum Corps International. 
This enabled the studio to replace its 4-track Studer J37 multitrack tape recorder with the 8-track 3M M23. 
The Last Broadcast garnered critical acclaim upon its release, and was a shortlist nominee for the Mercury Prize in 2002. 
Nitzberg wrote the book and lyrics and directed this musical in Los Angeles and New York. 
She could carry sixty rescued people. 
This is a list of Swazi billionaires based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes magazine in 2017. 
Christiane Gohl (born 1958) is a German author who uses the pen names Ricarda Jordan, Sarah Lark and Elisabeth Rotenberg. 
The majority of students are Maronite Catholics including some Melkite Catholics and Roman Catholics. 
Its major center is Albury-Wodonga. 
The fourth-place finisher in the repechage was given an overall ranking of 13th overall, out of the 13 boats in the competition. 
The complex is located in Pleasant Gap, within the Bellefonte Area School District's attendance region. 
Panchmura Mahavidyalaya, established in 1965, is the first rural general college in Panchmura, Taldangra Block, Bankura district, India. 
He also served in the Pennsylvania Senate. 
He is the composer of original modern music that bridges commercial and classical styles. 
It is now used for the red and rose wines produced in the region (following Local Wine Law,99). 
He co-created Whose Line Is It Anyway? alongside Mark Leveson, initially on BBC radio before moving with it to Channel 4, and then onward to ABC. 
Kellyanne graduated from Queen Margaret University College in 2004. 
The mausoleum was heavily damaged during the Afghan Civil War. 
Formed in late 2007, the current members of the band are Tim Beck (vocals), Mark T. Zeilman (bass), Pj Perez (guitar) and Jackie Pope (drums). 
He held water supply and sanitation, parliamentary affairs, electronics and information technology, science and technology and public works as a minister in Haryana cabinet. 
He has been associated with the investigations of a number of sensitive and important cases of national and international ramification. 
Sun Rises in the East is the debut album of American hip hop rapper Jeru the Damaja, released May 24, 1994 on PayDay Records. 
He graduated from the AFI Conservatory in 1984. 
Its population is 510 as of 2017. 
The university received its Royal Charter in 1966, making it the 40th university to be created in Britain, but its origins date back to the early 19th century. 
The future of the party in the aftermath of the defeat is unclear. 
On May 4th, 1859, Sims, with other influential men like A. J. King and Henry D. Barrows, served on a committee to raise funds to build the first Protestant church in Los Angeles. 
The following season he was again on the sidelines after dislocating a shoulder and undergoing reconstructive surgery. 
Switzerland competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012. 
Reinmar is a German masculine given name. 
The instrumentation of the orchestra is unusual in that no saxophones or woodwinds are used. 
The viewer can be used to view practically any file. 
The stories were discovered by Charles D. Cohen, a Massachusetts dentist and a Seuss scholar and biographer, who also contributed an introduction to the collection. 
A sexless marriage, on the other hand, may have begun with the standard expectations. 
He was recently elected as Clinical Vice President of the Royal College of Physicians, London. 
King led the NFL in punting yards in 2014. 
The film stars Kim Yoon-seok, Ha Jung-woo, Yoo Hae-jin, Kim Tae-ri, Park Hee-soon and Lee Hee-joon. 
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the country's central bank and the national banking regulator. 
He is best known for inventing structural uses for bamboo. 
The zone's competition was held in round robin format in Sozopol, Bulgaria, in April 2017. 
The play takes place in South Africa during apartheid era, and depicts how institutionalized racism, bigotry or hatred can become absorbed by those who live under it. 
It hosts undergraduate and graduate programs on a number of campuses. 
An intranet uses the same concepts and technologies as the World Wide Web and Internet. 
Southampton by-election, 1917 was a by-election held on 19 December 1917 for the House of Commons constituency of Southampton, a two-member seat. 
He was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Wales Office from 2008 to 2010. 
Oliver "Ollie" Frank Schniederjans (born June 15, 1993) is an American professional golfer. 
The single "The Band Played the Boogie" charted as high as number 36 on the UK Official Charts. 
According to one of the mod's core developers, Amineri, the mod started as a series of changes to the base game's configuration file, and grew more expansive as the team's capabilities grew. 
Rickey Young (born December 7, 1953 in Mobile, Alabama) is a former American football running back who played nine seasons in the NFL. 
Jason Connery and Diane Cilento, who play mother and son in the film, are real-life mother and son. 
Scott Scharff (born February 7, 1982) is a former American football defensive lineman. 
It Came from the Sea is a DJ mix album, mixed by Bonobo, released as part of the Solid Steel DJ mix series for Ninja Tune. 
Z22 Anton Schmitt was one of six Type 1936 destroyers built for the Kriegsmarine (German Navy) in the late 1930s. 
Payne continues to perform, both as a solo act and as a part of the "Former Ladies of the Supremes" (FLOS). 
It is adjacent to Sussex II State Prison, which lies to its northwest, just across Mussellwhite Drive. 
The Burleigh Brewing Company is a brewery in Burleigh Heads, Queensland and is a brewery located on the Gold Coast, Queensland. 
Mullane joined the team during the 2001 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen. 
The post has been known as Minister of Finance & Planning, when the portfolio includes national planning. 
Evacuate's releases and live sets cover a wide range of the punk rock spectrum. 
The bulk of commuters are from the nearby suburbs of Craigneuk and Muirhouse, which it spans the border between. 
Members comprise the elite of San Fernando City, who host the dance which opens the annual the fiesta celebrations that culminate on May 30. 
Founded in 1987 as the BC Coalition for Abortion Clinics, the group changed to its current name in 1998. 
As Lions are an alternative metal band originating from London, England. 
Henry W. McGee (born January 22, 1953) is an American businessman and academic. 
The Porsche 993 is the internal designation for the version of the Porsche 911 model manufactured and sold between January 1994 and early 1998 (model years 1995-1998 in the United States), replacing the 964. 
The boundaries of the Wyoming Territory were identical to the modern State of Wyoming. 
It is the only synagogue in the Catskills with an exposed truss roof. 
He continue work there throughout his teenage years until 1870 when he accepted a position as fireman on the Meadville-based Atlantic and Great Western Railroad line. 
Ludovic Bernard is a French film director, and second unit director. 
Battery Oldenburg is also known as "le Moulin Rouge". 
In all cases external sensors are used to detect signals from boundary of the object, and the three-dimensional material distribution or the velocity field is computed using the measured data. 
He also writes editorials for the page, as well as a biweekly column that appears on Mondays. 
Former UFC fighter Kenny Florian and MLB/NFL Sportscaster Chris Rose returned from the last two seasons to host this eighth season of BattleBots on Discovery. 
Arroyo is the son of Illinois State Representative Luis Arroyo. 
Grand Mound is a community and census-designated place (CDP) in Thurston County, Washington, United States. 
The album debuted at number 26 on the Billboard 200 and received universal acclaim from critics upon its release, appearing on and topping numerous end-of-year lists of the best albums. 
It was a separate municipality until it merged into Sint Laurens in 1816. 
The Department carries out its duties through eleven divisions: the Examinations Division, the Applicant Services Division, the Technical Services Division, the Classification/Compensation Division, the Employee Relations Division, the Research Division, the Administrative Services division, the Information Services Division, the Equal Employment Opportunities/Affirmative Action division, the Americans with Disabilities division, and the Employee Development and Equal Opportunity division. 
Thambi Ramayya and Meera Krishna share screen space also playing the key roles in the movie. 
Also injuries from hand grenades and bayonets have been reported. 
The 190s decade ran from January 1, 190, to December 31, 199. 
The PRC asserts itself to be the sole legitimate government of China, and claims Taiwan as its 23rd province, even though the PRC itself has never had control of Taiwan or other ROC-held territories. 
The hospital is located on a campus on Perryridge Road, northwest of downtown Greenwich. 
Eneco Tour was the fifth edition of the Eneco Tour cycling stage race. 
Cyclobutane itself is of no commercial or biological significance, but more complex derivatives are important in biology and biotechnology. 
He was preceded by Paul R. Brown. 
New Orleans Saints have appeared in 17 different postseason games and have compiled a record of 8-9 (as of January, 2018). 
He currently attends Cumberland University on a cycling scholarship. 
Diplotaxis moerens is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. 
It had its second reading debate on 18 December 2012, and its third reading and report stage on 7 March 2013. 
Suck It and See is the fourth studio album by English rock band Arctic Monkeys, released on 6 June 2011 by Domino Recording Company. 
Michael Landon, the Father I Knew is an American made-for-television biographical drama film directed by Michael Landon Jr. documenting his privileged, but often troubled, childhood as the son of beloved television actor, writer and director, Michael Landon. 
It is also utilized by the rare Mormon metalmark butterfly. 
The village is located on the banks of the river Moselle. 
The first bridge at this site was built in 1691 as Kerkstraatbrug and had 13 arches. 
The Kite Patch could help protect against malaria, as well as West Nile virus, dengue fever, and other mosquito-borne diseases. 
The portion extending from the first rib to the coracoid process is often whiter and denser than the rest, and is sometimes called the costocoracoid membrane. 
The Chief Architect of the Ministry from 1951 to 1970 was Eric Bedford. 
It was released by Skam Records in 1996. 
The reason for designing this software was twofold: Provide a powerful EDA tool for AV industry and to reduce cost of entry into AV industry by entrepreneurs. 
The term Charactron is sometimes mistakenly applied to another type of CRT properly called a monoscope which generates an electrical signal by scanning an electron beam of uniform cross section across a printed pattern on an internal target electrode. 
This is a list of episodes for the second season of Lou Grant. 
Epiphany Eyewear are smartglasses developed by Vergence Labs. 
Kreuzbergmaut Hydroelectric Power Station (German: Kraftwerk Kreuzbergmaut) is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station on the Salzach. 
Nangalkot Union is an union, the smallest administrative body of Bangladesh, located in Nangalkot Upazila, Comilla District, Bangladesh. 
It was later converted to an assisted living facility. 
The clan is "a very tight knit family group of men-of-honor, not only joined by Mafia bonds, but also by ties of blood." 
By 2008, the league had twenty skaters, and was attracting around 500 fans to its bouts, while, in 2010, crowds topped 1,000, in a season in which the All Stars team won all eight of its interleague bouts. 
Newton is home to a large coal-fired power plant and is close to Newton Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area. 
Swedish company Kinnevik is the largest owner with 32%. 
Their product's server infrastructure was based on Microsoft Windows. 
It is reasonable to assume that her round-trip voyage to Okinawa was for the purpose of towing battle-damaged ships back to Ulithi Atoll for repair. 
Life of Gabriel of Qartmin is a Syriac 8th-century manuscript containing the life of Mor Gabriel, Bishop of Tur Abdin, which helps to provides a glimpse into the events in the Middle East during the 7th century. 
Naunihal is a 1967 Hindi drama film directed by Raj Marbros starring Sanjeev Kumar, Balraj Sahni and Indrani Mukherjee in lead roles. 
The term collaborative writing refers to projects where written works are created by multiple people together (collaboratively) rather than individually. 
In the decades that followed World War II, there was much less unemployment in the UK and throughout the industrialized world, due in part to the Keynesian revolution. 
Heffron Drive's first single, "Parallel," was released in March 2014 through the record label TOLBooth Records. 
The 1975 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1975 NCAA Division I football season. 
Several monuments of historical importance are also present in the area. 
He is the son of former premier Thane A. Campbell and Cecilia L. Bradshaw. 
Andrew George Blair's daughter Bessie, and Alex Creelman, fell through a patch of weak ice - though Creelman pulled himself to safety, Harper dove into the river to save Blair, and both ultimately drowned. 
Samuel and Sally Wilson House is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on November 15, 2000. 
It supports compiling from various markup languages, including Markdown, Textile, and Haml. 
Anglicanism portal St. Dunstan's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church in San Diego, California. 
Certain types of premises including farms and the chemical industry pose special risks because of the types of materials present. 
The first sole video that boosted the fame of Maansals in Pakistan was 'Annoying things that women do', which reached 300,000 views within a day after it is uploaded. 
He played sparingly with the Bulls as a rookie, but earned the respect of coach Dick Motta, and remained on the team for several years. 
It had its world premiere on May 18, 2009 at the Cannes Film Festival and stars Dario Yazbek Bernal and Marimar Vega. 
It is situated next to the R544 road between Witbank and Bethal and is surrounded by coal mines. 
The earliest-known recipe was in Mrs Rundell's A New System of Domestic Cookery in 1806.The name bubble and squeak is used primarily in England (for Scotland and Ireland see the section Similar dishes), and it may also be understood in parts of some other Commonwealth countries and the United States. 
Once Just has played with such artists as, Jars of Clay, D.O.A. (band), Ill Scarlett, Marianas Trench (band), Rides Again, Staggered Crossing, MoBadAss, Maestro Fresh Wes, Danko Jones and many others. 
All matches were broadcast live on GEO Super television. 
As a publisher, FantaCo was known for its idiosyncratic line-up of mostly black-and-white titles, including the humorous Hembeck Series and the horror title Gore Shriek. 
Flynn Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of South Dakota. 
Caloptilia orientalis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. 
In the 1990s he recorded and performed live with Advance Warning, a free jazz group, and in 2004 he rejoined keyboardist/flutist Thijs van Leer in Focus with whom he currently records and plays live in venues across the world. 
A regular feature in the Holyoke Saint Patrick's Day Parade since the first in 1952, the band also performs at Smith College's annual commencement, as well as charity and private events. 
The setlist of Napalm Death's Kilburn Club performance is focused on songs of their Scum (1987) and From Enslavement to Obliteration (1988) albums. 
Misogada is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family. 
Windows Server 2012 received generally good reviews in spite of having included the same controversial Metro-based user interface seen in Windows 8. 
It spawned the band's first Top 40 hit, "You've Got A Lot To Answer For" which hit No.35. 
David Dortort, best known for Bonanza and The High Chaparral, produced the series. 
Joye Estazie (born August 10, 1984) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a defender for AS de Vacoas-Phoenix in the Mauritian League. 
In addition to local news and programming, XHTPZ also airs a selection of other Televisa programs. 
The 2006 USL Premier Development League season was the 12th PDL season. 
Janelle Ann Caren Quintana Manahan (born 26 July 1989) is an actress in the Philippines. 
The game is the first of The Walking Dead video game series published by Telltale. 
The diagnosis of aortic dissection can be made by visualization of the intimal flap and flow of contrast material in both the true lumen and the false lumen. 
The film is a sequel to 2000 film, Ginger Snaps and the second installment in the Ginger Snaps series, written by Megan Martin and directed by Brett Sullivan. 
Gonzo (circus) is a Dutch-language bi-monthly culture and music magazine, first published in 1991 in Belgium. 
But then in 2010, a second species was described, Geosiris albiflora, from Mayotte Island in the Indian Ocean northwest of Madagascar. 
NGC 3059 is a barred spiral galaxy. 
WBHR is a sports talk radio station broadcasting on 660 kHz serving the St. Cloud area of Minnesota. 
The band returned to the UK gig scene in 2012 for the ill-fated Last Jubilee and Punk by the Sea festivals, with a new lineup of Grant, Reeves, Davies and two new members: ex-Concrete Gods guitarist Phil McDermott and Morgellons bassist Mark Geraghty. 
They gained popularity in 2014 following the release of their second album NVM, engineered by Conrad Uno. 
He is a combo guard and played college basketball with the University of Memphis. 
Gedeo is a Zone in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region (SNNPR) of Ethiopia. 
A port to the Commodore PET was made by David Malmberg in 1980, with most of the names returned to their Star Wars versions. 
In 2006, the St. Louis Business Journal named Aboussie one of the "Most Influential Business Women." 
There are a number of software applications available for digital image manipulation, ranging from professional applications to very basic imaging software for casual users. 
In 2006, the Royal Institution of Great Britain named it the best science book ever. 
Perry Groves (born 19 April 1965) is an English former footballer, known chiefly for his time at Arsenal. 
However, the group eventually abandoned this device, after the masks became unhygienic with age, and to avoid unfavorable comparisons with Slipknot. 
It was one of five public universities in the state of Texas to make the list. 
Psycho peaked at #73 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1960. 
The plant itself grows to about 90 feet, it has no petals and its flower are a yellow-brown color. 
The wartime RAF fighter ace Group Captain Adolph Malan became the president of the 'Torch Commando'. 
In Concert/MTV Plugged is a 1992 concert video and 1993 live album by Bruce Springsteen. 
He works at the Bob Graham Center for Public Service at his undergraduate alma mater, the University of Florida. 
It tells the story of a Christian leader, his wife, and his foster children's adventures living in Rome, Italy AD64 whose mission is to keep Jesus's stories alive during the 1st century. 
Prodiodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. 
25 pin DCE devices transmit on pin 3 and receive on pin 2. 
From 2006 to 2013 he was director of the all-news channel RaiNews 24. 
He was awarded a masters and doctorate in law from Harvard Law School. 
Although a citizen of Denmark, Nikolajsen has been a Swiss resident since 2011. 
Highfield is regarded to be where the fight for the liberation struggle began. 
She has acted in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and Hindi language films. 
Drafted by the Philadelphia Atoms of the North American Soccer League in 1976, Cryder elected instead to play for the Tacoma Tides of the American Soccer League. 
Salt spray testing is an accelerated corrosion test that produces a corrosive attack to coated samples in order to evaluate (mostly comparatively) the suitability of the coating for use as a protective finish. 
He is not interested in ideology or politics. 
In most implementations of dynamic compilation, some optimizations that could be done at the initial compile time are delayed until further compilation at run-time, causing further unnecessary slowdowns. 
Now kept at the British Museum, for many years the identity of the two sitters was unknown until a team of Dutch and British archeologists discovered a missing fragment of the statue in Horemheb's tomb in Saqqara. 
It resides in the union counsel of jabboana earlier it was under coat murad. 
The SPA Council is headed by India's Minister of Human Resource Development and consists of the chairpersons and directors of all SPAs and senior officials from the MHRD. 
Justin Rasolonomenjanahary is a Malagasy politician. 
He first made a big Warrington Wolves appearance when his team beat Hull FC 20-6 to win the League Leaders' Shield. 
With MIDI in/out and CV, it can also be used as a MIDI controller. 
In 1833, a small room was added to the west side and in 1845, the original dwelling was raised to two stories and capped with a broad gable roof. 
Nicola Campinoti (born 20 May 1992 in Massa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Massese. 
Boxville Township is a township in Marshall County, Minnesota, United States. 
TT Quick was an American heavy metal band from Osbornsville, New Jersey that formed in 1979. 
He made his first class debut in 1995/96 for Northerns as well as captaining the Titans successfully. 
The current editors are William D. Lastrapes, professor of economics at the University of Georgia; David VanHoose, professor of economics at Baylor University; and Ping Wang, professor of economics at Washington University in St. Louis. 
The ruling Congolese Labor Party and parties and independent candidates allied with it won 125 seats, while two opposition parties won a combined 12 seats. 
The result of his claims are not known as the end of the text is lost, but it seems certain that he won the court case. 
Filming began on 6 January 2014 and lasted exactly seven months, ending on 6 August 2014. 
Although the federal law has only been amended seven times, it has been revised multiple times to limit and expand its banking secrecy provisions since its ratification. 
Bye Blackbird is a 1993 jazz album by Keith Jarrett's "Standards Trio". 
Point Breeze is an unincorporated community located within Kingwood Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. 
He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006 from the 122nd district. 
Kaan is the Hindi spelling of "Khan". 
He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark. 
The TUC argued that Brown should be elected as sole general secretary, but this was not accepted. 
She holds a PhD since 2016 from the Department of Intermedia and Multimedia at the Academy of Fine Arts in Bratislava, SK. 
Ercole Ricotti (12 October 1816 - 24 February 1883) was an Italian politician and historian. 
The Lebanon In The Fork Presbyterian Church Cemetery is easily accessible from Interstate 640 in Knoxville: head northeast on I-640 E to US-11E N/US-25W S/US-70 E; use the left two lanes to merge onto I-40 E toward Asheville; take exit 394 for US-11E/US-25W/US-70; turn right onto TN-168 W; turn right onto Strawberry Plains Pike; turn left onto Thorngrove Pike, and; follow Thorngrove Pike to either of the two entrances for Asbury Road. 
They are used as in-band signaling to cause effects other than the addition of a symbol to the text. 
It was usually distinguished from the main Uncle Scrooge title in its focus on longer, full-length stories, often in the pulp adventure style. 
Lagunillas is a location in the Santa Cruz Department in Bolivia. 
Two versions of the original version exist: an album version and a music video version with the crowd cheering at the end. 
The music video was directed by Greko Sklavounos. 
The six Grosset & Dunlap titles were issued in dust jacket; the Clover Books reprints and their two original titles have picture covers and no dust jackets. 
All News Channel's programming was also syndicated to television stations across the United States. 
It is currently the third ranked championship in FIP, where it is contested for in their tag team division. 
The Association of Amateur Heralds successfully applied for a registration of Armorial Bearings with the South African Bureau of Heraldry in 2002 with a certificate being issued on 16 January of that year. 
Their most striking feature, however, are the combed nails of the hind tarsi, that show fine teeth. 
He played ten years of professional hockey in North America and Europe. 
Megachile seychellensis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. 
Ralf Seuntjens (born 17 April 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for VVV-Venlo in the Dutch Eredivisie. 
Fanny's Journey (original title: Le Voyage de Fanny) is a 2016 French-Belgian children's war drama film co-written and directed by Lola Doillon. 
It is a medium-sized, reddish brown cuckoo-dove, found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia. 
Ritmo a todo color is a 1980 Argentine film. 
However, in basic solution successive halogenations are more rapid due to inductive electron withdrawal by the halogen, making the remaining hydrogens more acidic. 
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Frederico Westphalen (Latin: Dioecesis Vestphaleniana) is a diocese located in the city of Frederico Westphalen in the ecclesiastical province of Passo Fundo in Brazil. 
My Dog is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. 
The Pavilion is the second largest shopping center located in Durban and one of the largest in South Africa. 
The entire series is now available for purchase on the iTunes Store. 
Uptownship is a 1989 studio album by South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela. 
The tree is native to India and Pakistan, but is also found in some parts of Southeast Asia. 
The theater was designed in a pseudo-Swiss-chalet style as an amenity for the 50,000 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers workers and their families at the Fort Peck Dam project. 
The objectives of the hospital were to care for the diseased in the neighborhood and prevent the spread of infection in the homes of the poor. 
Melithaea ochracea is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Melithaeidae, commonly known as knotted fan coral. 
Those with the skills and inclination to write Welsh recipes, the upper classes, conformed to English styles and therefore would not have run their houses with traditional Welsh cuisine. 
The company licenses its technologies to developers of consumer electronics devices and online media players, who integrate the technologies into media players, home and car stereos, and digital music devices. 
By the same time, she got married to Dara Singh's son Vindu Dara Singh. 
"Wore Out My Soul", which is a double entendre about shoes, and "Stuck in London", which contains nonsense lyrics. 
11 Windsor MLA William Dalley resigned on 25 February 1860 to undertake a visit to Europe. 
In 1856, John and William Hogg, sons to James Hogg, subdivided their father's estate under the name "Hoggs Hollow". 
Indian Institute of Project Management (IIPM) is an educational institute that was set up after in 1989 by the government of India on the recommendations noted by the Ministry of Program Implementation within the Manual on Project Implementation. 
She lives and works in Winnipeg, Manitoba. 
As They Sleep signed to metal label Solid State Records. 
It was included on the album Just Supposin'. 
The song is so popular in South African culture that it is often referred to as South Africa's second national anthem. 
The stream was named after the Jordan River in West Asia. 
Bride 13 is a 1920 American thriller film serial directed by Richard Stanton, and the first film serial made by Fox. 
Barrels tend to vary in diameter by minute amounts, and this variation can create a situation whereby the solid pilot reamer fits too loosely or too snugly in the bore. 
The songs "Cheapest Motel" and "Better Places Than This" were released as singles. 
The sixth season of the reality television series Basketball Wives aired on VH1 from April 17, 2017 until August 14, 2017. 
The cause was a hand grenade brought onto the plane by a Japanese gangster of the Yamaguchi-gumi. 
The VFF was founded in 1934. 
The novel is about a former special agent who works with the brother of a slain colleague to unravel a series of mysterious assassinations in the CIA. 
Paul Emmanuel is a South African artist best known for his prints, drawings and installations. 
Opened on April 4, 1975, it is the southern-most major transit hub in the Metro Vancouver area (as it is only a few kilometers from the Canada-United States border). 
The term has been coined by mineral explorers to differentiate the modern deposit from the ancient. 
The 12 Disasters of Christmas (alternatively written as 12 Disasters of Christmas; released on DVD as 12 Disasters) is a Canadian-American science fiction action television film produced for Syfy in 2012 and directed by Steven R. Monroe. 
Lamont continues to DJ UK garage and appeared in the Boiler Room project in 2012.Brown was previously in the band Double Trouble and has enjoyed a number of popular releases including "Street Tuff" which went to number 3 on the UK Singles Chart. 
Frank Harris is a former American football quarterback. 
The indicator is used in photosynthesis and respiration experiments to find out whether carbon dioxide is being liberated. 
The station ceased broadcasting on September 22, 1999. 
It is expressed in the nucleus and (in an eight-week-old sheep) is preferentially expressed in skeletal muscle. 
Breckbill offers undergrad, graduate and independent study programs. 
There are large efforts being made to make innovative mobile ICT services work. 
It is the first car racing game from developer Milestone since 2006's Evolution GT. 
In one widely quoted remark, he described Jesus as an "Aryan fighter" who struggled against "the power and pretensions of the corrupt Pharisees" and Jewish materialism. 
Mark Flanagan is a British chef, known to be the personal chef of The Queen and head chef of the Royal Household. 
The squadron's capability took a major hit when a 1998 oxygen fire on the ground removed one of the EP-3Js from service. 
Free-mo modules may even be composed of several sections, forming a module set. 
Prior to it he participated at the 2013 IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships where his team got a bronze medal. 
Bop It (see below). 
Unlike chunky, high color, or true color graphics, the whole dataset for an individual pixel isn't in one specific location in RAM, but spread across the bitplanes that make up the display. 
The Slocan Valley is a valley in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada. 
The population was 427 at the 2000 census and 475 at the 2010 census. 
In the South, it is absent from Greece. 
Fiona Hodgson, Baroness Hodgson of Abinger is Chair of the Governance Board of the Complaints Adjudication Service. 
The type species M. microdenta was named in 2011. 
The Mandela National Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Uganda. 
DANILOG also supported combat environments like the Iraq theater of operations. 
The coalfield was at the forefront of innovation in coal mining, prompting the country's first canals, use of steam engines and creating conditions favorable for rapid industrialisation. 
Young played Riley Parker in the long-running soap opera, Neighbors for 171 episodes. 
The CRAM diet (cereal, rice, applesauce, and milk) is a short term dietary treatment for diarrhea and gastroenteritis. 
Ocinebrina aciculata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails. 
A float switch is a type of level sensor, a device used to detect the level of liquid within a tank. 
The standard of proof is that the unlawful killing must be beyond reasonable doubt. 
The moth is dayflying and appears in summer. 
Be OK is the Grammy Award-winning third single from soul-R&B singer-songwriter Chrisette Michele's debut album, I Am released digitally on December 11, 2007. 
It is next door to the James K. Polk House and houses its visitors' center, a museum, and a gift shop. 
FWCS is divided into several departments, including Technology, Transportation, Academic Services, Continuing Education, Nutrition Services, and Public Affairs. 
Mahape is a suburb of Navi Mumbai located near Ghansoli. 
The first race of the season was held on 5 June at Assen and was due to finish at a venue in New Zealand after 8 race weekends. 
From 2001 to 2003, he went by the name Ian Oquendo, adopting the last name of his wife, and during the 2009 World Baseball Classic he went by Ian Davila-Snell, adopting his stepfather's surname. 
Wendell B. Harris Jr. (born March 5, 1954), is a Juilliard- and Interlochen-trained American filmmaker and actor. 
It is considered a geoscience and a branch of mineralogy. 
In episode 5, Max appears for the first time with his actual face, which is completely different from Josh's, more mature and tough. 
Hatcher hosted the program, aired by Christian broadcaster Hope 103.2, until 8 December 2013.In January 2014, after four decades of broadcast journalism, Hatcher became director for public affairs with the HammondCare organization. 
Calana District is one of ten districts of Tacna Province in Peru. 
The school stressed scientific and technological studies. 
According to the version in the Gospel of Matthew, Peter walked on the water towards Jesus, but he became afraid and began to sink, so Jesus rescued him. 
Operation Balavegaya was launched in response to the siege of Elephant Pass by the LTTE. 
She was soon transferred again, to 11th U-boat Flotilla on 1 November 1942, then again to 13th U-boat Flotilla on 1 June 1943, and finally to 1st U-boat Flotilla on 1 November 1943. 
The population was 1373 at the 2010 census. 
The post of Governor was abolished in 1852, when the last governor, Lord Combermere, accepted office as the Constable of the Tower. 
Dundee North End were one of the better junior teams in the Tayside region, but have found it tougher in the East Region, of which they, along with all Tayside clubs, became a part in 2002. 
The Rojava conflict, also known as the Rojava revolution, is a political upheaval and military conflict taking place in Northern Syria, known among Kurdish nationalists as Western Kurdistan or Rojava. 
It is endemic to California, where it can be found in the Santa Lucia Range and western sections of the Transverse Ranges. 
It was a 'subcritical' pulverized coal-fired boiler. 
The company was acquired by Opera Software in 2010. 
Eupithecia kruusi is a moth in the family Geometridae. 
It is an operetta-style musical which tells the story of the romance and elopement of poets Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett. 
Anagennisis were founded in 1956. 
Thirty Seconds to Mars performed "Up in the Air" on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Conan, and included the song on the setlist of their Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour and subsequent Carnivores Tour. 
The College was operationalized through a province- wide umbrella system where four vocational schools were integrated. 
Andrew John Southcott (born 15 October 1967) is an Australian politician and medical practitioner. 
Standard features seen in most MUD clients include ANSI color support, aliases, triggers and scripting. 
The gold frame is normally an automatic attachment to a ribbon decoration. 
In the 1938 Tour de France, Jean Majerus repeated this by winning the second stage, and taking the yellow jersey, this time keeping it for four days. 
The silver medal was awarded to Zimbabwe's Kirsty Coventry, who finished behind Coughlin by 0.13 of a second, breaking an African record of 1:00.50. 
Born Patrick Henry Pearse Mullan in Portstewart, Northern Ireland, on 22 April 1946, Mullan was educated at St Patrick's College, Armagh and University College Dublin. 
Nowhere to Run is a 1978 drama television film directed by Richard Lang, based on the 1976 novel The Blackjack Hijack by Charles Einstein. 
The sound is so thick that there is probably only one microphone. 
The Mayor of Portland (played by Kyle MacLachlan): an enthusiastic but naive booster for the city who constantly thinks up not-quite-plausible improvement schemes which he asks Fred and Carrie to implement. 
The ruling invalidated districts of the North Carolina General Assembly and led to more single-member districts in state legislatures. 
Alexander and Francis I of Austria were present in person; King Frederick William III of Prussia was represented by the crown prince (afterwards Frederick William IV). 
There are many methods of notifying unwanted individuals that they have been banned (for future access), but the most common is a personal notice to the offender. 
Delft jewelry has been made in the Netherlands since c.1879. 
The church follows Methodism, a movement started by John Wesley in an effort to reform the Church of England from within. 
Charles Burchard (January 1, 1810 - April 1, 1879) was an American politician. 
I toward the modernization of Ethiopia upon his accession as Emperor (King of Kings) on November 2, 1930, as well as before, beginning from the time he effectively controlled Ethiopia in 1916 as Regent Plenipotentiary, Ras Tafari. 
Its mascot is the eagle. 
The national heritage area comprises Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Greene, Fayette, Washington and Westmoreland counties. 
Adults are light grayish or cream in color. 
In this regard, the lower friction levels of the canal make it a more economical solution than the pipeline. 
Viktoria Grigoreva is a Kharkiv-born Ukrainian violinist. 
Subsequently, Murphy is transformed into the cyborg entity RoboCop by the megacorporation Omni Consumer Products (OCP). 
His debut was Private in 2004. 
Article 370 of the Indian constitution is an article that gives autonomous status to the state of Jammu and Kashmir. 
Rav is a village of three hamlets; Rav Moti, Rav Nani and Temple; in an open plain, located nineteen miles from Chobari, in Rapar Taluka of Kutch district of Gujarat, India. 
It was the last episode of House to feature Lisa Edelstein as Lisa Cuddy. 
The Fulmar was a two-stage British sounding rocket. 
On August 10, 2009, LabVantage officially closed the transaction and completed the acquisition of SQL*LIMS business from Life Technologies Corp. Prior to the August 10, 2009 transaction, about half of the company's employees work in India, while 60 employees are in North America and 20 are in Europe. 
The canton of Creil is an administrative division of the Oise department, northern France. 
Hanscom Park United Methodist Church is located at 4444 Frances Street in the Hanscom Park neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska. 
Conor Mark Chaplin (born 16 February 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays for Portsmouth of the EFL League One as a striker or Winger. 
Wolf in White Van is the first novel by the American author and singer-songwriter John Darnielle. 
TMOQ frequently released its albums with cover art by William Stout. 
See European Parliament election, 1981 (Greece) for election results. 
Roger made his film debut in his native country in 1977 in the movie Sleeping Dogs. 
The song peaked at number one in Norway and Denmark, becoming their sixth top 10 single. 
There were still serious concerns about hostilities in the country which could affect the peace talks in Lusaka, Zambia, the implementation of UNAVEM II 's mandate and cause suffering to the civilian population. 
General elections were held in India in 1989 to elect the members of the 9th Lok Sabha. 
Rockwave Festival is a rock festival That Takes place in Malakasa, Greece, near Athens. 
Rennie started farming his own 120 acre section in 1860. 
Valdo H. Viglielmo (December 11, 1926 - November 14, 2016) was a prominent scholar and translator of Japanese literature and works of Japanese philosophy. 
This is a list of electoral results for the Electoral district of Seymour in Victorian state elections. 
The package includes two separate pieces of software, the NoLimits Editor and NoLimits Simulator, with a third application, the NoLimits Terraformer supported as well. 
Bill Burnett is an American songwriter, composer, musician, singer, writer, director, television producer and voice actor who is best known for co-creating Nickelodeon's ChalkZone along with Larry Huber. 
This corresponded to version Internet Explorer 4.0 to 6.x, but not Internet Explorer 7.HTML could be added both in place of the regular wallpaper and as independent resizable desktop items. 
Although there is little or no trace of it to be found today Hook once had a worldwide reputation as a mining village. 
The episode received generally positive reviews and was seen by 2.56 million overall households, according to Nielsen Media Research. 
It is now an excellent example of what can be achieved on reclaimed land and boasts extensive areas of wildflower meadow and woodland, and provides very good open views across Cheshire, the Wirral and Merseyside. 
Thus one finds brass instruments made of wood, like the alphorn, the cornett, the serpent and the didgeridoo, while some woodwind instruments are made of brass, like the saxophone. 
Masini (born 8 December 1976 in Poggibonsi) is an Italian auto racing driver. 
Brett Van Blankers (born April 11, 1987) is a Canadian racing driver from New Westminster, British Columbia. 
In 1996, she released Sisters of Avalon, and an original album of Christmas songs, Merry Christmas...Have a Nice Life in 1998. 
This is a list of video games that have consistently been ranked among the best of all time by video game journalists and critics. 
The Bette are one of five tribes inhabiting the area, along with the Utugwang, Alege, Ukpe and Ubang. 
The town was founded along a rail line by the same family that later started Bassett Furniture. 
He told the protestors he had authority from the King and the Lord of Heaven to destroy enclosures and promised to protect protesters by the contents of his pouch, which he carried by his side, which he said would keep them from all harm. 
Colus gracilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks. 
Richard A. Murphy (born 1944) is an American neuroscientist who built his career in administrative leadership positions for research institutions. 
The opposition Free National Movement won 55% of the popular vote and 33 of the 49 seats. 
Thyas juno is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. 
He was also a professional soldier who fought in the Nine Years War, and was knighted for his services to the English Crown by Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex in 1599. 
This place is relatively cold compared to other places of Shillong. 
The series was produced by Philip Dalkin and Kris Noble, directed by Pino Amenta, David Cameron, Philip Dalkin and written by Elizabeth Coleman, Philip Dalkin and Anthony Morris. 
The 1963 Asian Baseball Championship was the fifth continental tournament held by the Baseball Federation of Asia. 
Before passage of the legislature, landed revenue laws of Bengal consisted of the Permanent Settlement Regulations of 1793 and the Bengal Tenancy Act of 1885. 
Bourmond Byron (June 23, 1920 - 2004) was a Haitian painter. 
It is an English-language journal covering ethnomusicology in Asian music. 
In August 1982 he was assigned as director of budget at Air Force headquarters, and in September 1984 he became comptroller of the Air Force. 
The quarterfinalists were guaranteed a World Group spot for 1984. 
If the logical progression of a prop changes during shooting, the props breakdown is revised to reflect the change. 
Uno was nominated with Joseph Benson for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film in 1982 for The Silence. 
Franco and Herrera defeated Beltran and Martinez in the quarter-finals, denying the Mexicans a place on the podium, and then beat Bolivians Conrado Moscoso and Mario Mercado in the semi-finals. 
Dulce Domum' means 'Sweet Home'. 
In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for City of London. 
The Rise of the Tang Empire is a Chinese television series based on the events in the Zhenguan era during the reign of Emperor Taizong of the Tang dynasty. 
He lost the June 2016 Democratic primary election to Robert White. 
In the episode, the Fringe division learns that Walter Bishop's old colleague, William Bell, has been in control of David Robert Jones' actions to collapse both universes in an attempt to create a new universe under his own control, and the Fringe team must make sacrifices to put an end to Bell's plans. 
It spent six weeks on the Billboard 200 chart, peaking at 168. 
Capitol 6 was a rock band based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. 
Ali Rahma Al Marri (born 27 December 1983) is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al-Wakrah as a midfielder. 
Kaehler is a graduate of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons (1991) with an MS in Physical Therapy. 
Gutsville is a currently on hiatus six issue comic book limited series from Image Comics which began in May 2007. 
7 Chinese Brothers is a 2015 American comedy film written and directed by Bob Byington and starring Jason Schwartzman, Stephen Root, Olympia Dukakis, Jonathan Togo and Alex Karpovsky. 
A large tree, it often reaches heights of 40 meters (130 feet) with buttress roots up to 6 meters (20 feet) in diameter. 
Handscapes 2 is an album by The Piano Choir featuring Ron Burton, Stanley Cowell, Nat Jones, Hugh Lawson, Webster Lewis, Harold Mabern, and Sonelius Smith recorded in 1974 and first released on the Strata-East label. 
Nuit noire 17 octobre 1961 is a 2005 French television film directed by Alain Tasma. 
The United States competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. 
Sawiris owns 53% of the channel (through Media Globe Networks). 
The group arose in the early 1950s from the exploration efforts at Floyd Collins Crystal Cave, now within Mammoth Cave National Park. 
Worship or deification of fire (also pyrodulia, pyrolatry or pyrolatria) is known from various religions. 
Heterixalus is a genus of frogs in the family Hyperoliidae. 
Funk or Walk is the debut album by the Brides of Funkenstein, released on Atlantic Records in September 1978. 
The denomination 346 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years. 
The album's title and the titles of several tracks were inspired by the Alphabet City section of Manhattan, New York City, where Fry and Mark White lived for a time prior to the album's release. 
The end product is known as a mature mRNA. 
A constitutional referendum was held in South Korea on 12 February 1975. 
The film, made in the experimental widescreen process Natural Vision, developed by George K. Spoor and P. John Berggren, was never released theatrically. 
It mainly operated for 54 years between 1907 to 1961. 
As Premiers for the NPL Northern NSW, Edgeworth Eagles qualified for the National Premier Leagues finals series, competing with the other state federation champions in a final knockout tournament to decide the National Premier Leagues Champion for 2016. 
It was presented by the national director Sylvie Tellier and Jean-Pierre Foucault for the 18st consecutive year. 
At club level Hyland is a two-time county club championship medalist with the Clough/Ballacolla club. 
The Funny Company is an American animated cartoon produced in 1963 and seen in syndication. 
It's production was announced in 1999. 
Very Larry Christmas is an album by American comedian Larry the Cable Guy, released on November 16, 2004 on Warner Bros. Records. 
It was also released as a single, with a B-side of "Problem Child", in 1977. 
Adaptations of Geoffrey's Historia were extremely popular throughout Western Europe during the Middle Ages, but the Brut proved especially influential in medieval Wales, where it was largely regarded as an accurate account of the early history of the Celtic Britons. 
The growing power of the Chudasama dynasty and the his acts of harassing the pilgrims to Somnath temple resulted in a his conflict with Mularaja. 
The men's high jump at the 1958 European Athletics Championships was held in Stockholm, Sweden, at Stockholms Olympiastadion on 23 and 24 August 1958. 
Typically if a Latin word has an unknown, uncertain or disputed origin, it is considered a possible candidate for deriving in whole or in part from an Etruscan word; however, native Etruscan must then be distinguished from Greek. 
Fossils of weigeltisaurids have been found in Madagascar, Germany, Great Britain, and Russia. 
It was also the year in which the first girls' championship for U16 was played. 
This means that the inner layers have been stretched to a point where the steel is no longer able to return to its original shape once the internal pressure has been removed. 
The cylindrical BT Tower, a former Cold-War-era microwave relay tower that was once the tallest building in London and the hub of the British Telecom microwave network, is a short distance off the A400 at Malet Street. 
In the record world, he has collaborated with The Wallflowers' Rami Jaffee and blues guitarist Kenny Wayne Shepherd. 
The Venerable Bede is the historical source for this council, as he included its text in his Ecclesiastical History of the English People. 
The Mark 13 guided missile launching system (GMLS) is a single-arm missile launcher designed for use on frigates and other military vessels. 
The Botanical Garden has two separate sites: one in Kaisaniemi and one in Kumpula. 
Prior to that he played with the Augsburger Panther of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). 
The transverse or [anterior] meniscomeniscal ligament is a ligament in the knee joint that connects the anterior convex margin of the lateral meniscus to the anterior end of the medial meniscus. 
He attended the University of Tennessee his freshman year of college, but decided to leave the football program in March 2010. 
The Queen Elizabeth Hospital Charity exists to support medical and health research, and to encourage excellence in healthcare for patients and their carers, wholly or mainly through the services provided by University Hospital Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust. 
Under the shield is the city's motto, "Progress and Prosperity." 
The whole building will close in July 2019 and courses will move elsewhere. 
What ensues is Nashe's detailed critique of Harvey's pamphlet attacking him, with frequent interruptions from the four others deriding the doctor, his style, his past, his pretensions to scholarship, his family background and his supporters, especially one anonymous gentlewoman. 
There was a total of 532 participants from 52 countries competing. 
Denise Nickerson (born April 1, 1957) is an American former child actress and former singer best known for her roles as the gum-chewing Violet Beauregarde in the 1971 movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, Allison on The Electric Company and Amy Jennings and Nora Collins in the soap opera Dark Shadows. 
Over time, this camp grew into a military town and continues to be used by the Army to the present day. 
He lives in Tumby Bay, South Australia and his publications focus on life in the Eyre Peninsula and Spencer Gulf regions. 
The 1970 season of the World Championship Tennis (WCT) circuit was one of the two rival professional male tennis circuits of 1970. 
UTSA is a member of the Oak Ridge Associated Universities, a consortium of the nation's major doctorate-level universities dedicated to collaboration and scientific advancement. 
Melbourne himself opposed dissolution, although his cabinet came to accept it, and Melbourne requested the Queen dissolve Parliament, leading to an election.  
Wab is an Austronesian language spoken by about 120 people in the coastal villages of Wab and Saui, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.  
The importance of free passage through portages found them included in laws and treaties.  
The 1999 Nike Tour season ran from January 7 to October 24.  
The Embassy of Hungary in Ottawa is the embassy of Hungary to Canada.  
It was released as a single in 1985 and was a hit across Europe, reaching number 8 in West Germany, number 1 in Austria and number 2 in Switzerland.  
Pozzolana are naturally occurring pozzolans of volcanic origin.  
The team has been playing in international youth tournaments since 1979 but have only participated in one U-19 World Cup in 2000.  
The Atlanta Center is an office skyscraper in San Juan, Metro Manila, Philippines.  
Diane Rodriguez is a prominent American theater artist who directs, writes and performs.  
It has only recently been introduced in North America and Europe as an addition to henna body art, also called mehendi, mehandi, or mehndi in India.  
It contested the 2009 elections, but won only 1.2 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, so gained no seats in the People's Representative Council.  
Simon Clark (born 16 February 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).  
Sadie Benning's Flat Is Beautiful, and the movie Frisk by Todd Verow.  
A graduate in economics from the BI Norwegian Business School, Moldenhauer resides in Bergen and has been a board member of SK Brann.  
Roadworks (called road work or road construction in the United States) occur when part of the road, or in rare cases, the entire road, has to be occupied for work relating to the road, most often in the case of road surface repairs.  
Approximately 90% of Canadian mobile phone users subscribe to one of the three largest national telecommunication companies (Rogers Wireless, Bell Mobility, and Telus Mobility) or one of their subsidiary brands.  
Carl Johann Otto Busse (22 September 1834, Berlin - 3 December 1896, Berlin) was a German architect and master builder.  
The American Staffordshire Terrier, also known as Amstaff (in the United States of America), is a medium-sized, short-coated American dog breed.  
The album was banned by several major retailers including HMV due to its sexually explicit title and cover art.  
The unit was attached to the SGO Narew.  
Mangaung is a Sesotho name meaning "place of Cheetahs".  
Chandler Champion is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Leeds, Alabama who was named Miss Alabama 2013.  
Greg Nelson and Jenny Gardner are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American soap opera All My Children.  
Lagunillas is a location in the Santa Cruz Department in Bolivia.  
Leaves are double pinnate.  
Motya is a genus of moths of the Nolidae family.  
Its chief products were the Atari ST, Atari XE, Atari 7800, Atari Lynx, and Atari Jaguar.  
The first sole video that boosted the fame of Maansals in Pakistan was 'Annoying things that women do', which reached 300,000 views within a day after it is uploaded.  
It is published in the United States and distributed in other countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, France, Sweden, Iceland, and New Zealand.  
Potikhinly is a village in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.  
Silverware contains small silver nanoparticles which contain an antimicrobial agent.  
The moth is dayflying and appears in summer.  
It is an operetta-style musical which tells the story of the romance and elopement of poets Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett.  
Forever continues the trend of the band's previous albums, revolving largely around Alison Shaw's distinctive vocals.  
It is found in Spain, France, Albania, the Republic of Macedonia, Bulgaria and Turkey and on Sardinia and Corsica.  
The annual award was first given in 1995, however there was no award granted in 2001.  
Throughout time, as gifts, he used to receive paintings by Liang Zhaofeng, Lai Gemin, Chen Lu Di and Zhu Yongzhai.  
The film, made in the experimental widescreen process Natural Vision, developed by George K. Spoor and P. John Berggren, was never released theatrically.  
The broadest textural classes are crystalline (in which the components are intergrown and interlocking crystals), fragmental (in which there is an accumulation of fragments by some physical process), aphanitic (in which crystals are not visible to the unaided eye), and glassy (in which the particles are too small to be seen and amorphously arranged).  
That year, she appeared in the Dino Risi-directed film Il Gaucho which co-starred actors such as Vittorio Gassman.  
Kathleen Howell is an American scientist and aerospace engineer known for her contributions to dynamical systems theory applied to spacecraft trajectory design which led to the use of halo orbit in multiple NASA space missions.  
From independence until the 2018 general election, the Prime Minister had always been from the United Malays National Organization (UMNO) party of Barisan Nasional (previously Alliance).  
The population was 3,895 at the 2010 census.  
It is on the western side of the Cape York Peninsula around Weipa.  
The building used to be the home of the Amarillo branch of American National Bank.  
Kirlew has also been a member of the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars.  
It was a separate municipality until it merged into Sint Laurens in 1816.  
Donnelly made his senior inter-county debut during the 1927 championship.  
Benstead is currently goalkeeping coach at Frimley Green..  
Mullane joined the team during the 2001 championship and immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen.  
Battery Oldenburg is also known as "le Moulin Rouge".  
Filippo Agomeri Antonelli (born 13 July 1978) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a midfielder.  
He also served as the Finance Minister of Kerala from 2006 to 2011.  
Martillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.  
Out of the opposite ends flow the Temperance River and the South Brule, a tributary of the Brule River.  
Reeve was named the WNBA Coach of the Year in 2011 and 2016.  
It has over 147,000 members.  
Qatar women's national cricket team represents the country of Qatar in international women's cricket.  
The lead track is an edited version of the song of the same name, which is available on A Line of Deathless Kings.  
Shammer is a small village beside the village of Kilkelly in County Mayo, Ireland.  
Thus the jaw of Pachygenelus can be seen as transitional between non-mammalian synapsids and true mammals.  
It was the 2nd edition of the Thailand Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.  
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1843 to Wales and its people.  
In the early 1990s, a special academy, consisting of over 500 academicians, was elected for distributing the awards which recognize outstanding achievements in cinema (not television) produced in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States.  
He served curacies in Walkley and Doncaster.  
Microsoft announced Chromeffects as an add-on for Windows 98 to play 3D graphics and video through a web browser or in separate player software, for ads with flashing text and other animation, or to generate user interface enhancements for Web-based applications.  
The body louse has the smallest genome of any known insect; it has been used as a model organism and has been the subject of much research.  
The region is designated a biodiversity hotspot by Conservation International (CI), and one of the outstanding Global 200 ecoregions by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF).  
The plant itself grows to about 90 feet, it has no petals and its flower are a yellow-brown color.  
It is an annual plant forming a small tuft up to about 14 centimeters tall.  
It also contains play areas for children.  
Alwyn Harris was a Royal Ulster Constabulary superintendent who was killed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army on October 8, 1989.  
Osmodes costatus, the black-veined white-spots, is a butterfly in the Hesperiidae family.  
She began her career singing with the New York City Opera (NYCO) during the early 1960s, after which she embarked on a long and fruitful partnership with The Santa Fe Opera which lasted from 1965 through 1987.  
Her storylines have consistently followed themes such as romance, unrequited love and rejection.  
Saint-Jean-Baptiste-de-Restigouche is an unincorporated community in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada.  
Gibbons was previously Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security until 2016.  
Producer Sig Shore directed a second sequel, The Return of Superfly, released in 1990, with Nathan Purdee as Priest.  
In his Entire Career he has acted in more than 75 Movies.  
NGC 1309 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 120 million light-years away, appearing in the constellation Eridanus.  
Mitromorpha maraisi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.  
Japan 1996 Live was recorded at On Air West in Tokyo and also in Osaka, Japan in June, 1996.  
Arrastras were widely used throughout the Mediterranean region since Phoenician times.  
It is staffed by Officers from all three of the UK Armed Forces and is supported by a number of Civil Servants who work for the Ministry of Defense.  
Early printers would reuse metal type over and over again, and the faces would become chipped and damaged from use.  
It is actually more related to Alquerque, since the board is made up of intersection points and lines connecting them.  
The album was released on October 4, 2011 by Fair Trade Services record label.  
Indian Institute of Project Management (IIPM) is an educational institute that was set up after in 1989 by the government of India on the recommendations noted by the Ministry of Program Implementation within the Manual on Project Implementation.  
Its goal is to compile Perl v1 code and thereby exercise Parrot's compiler tools.  
The town is connected by the SS115 state road, leading from Trapani to Syracuse.  
Peter Berg, who is Bissinger's cousin and who directed the film, wrote and directed the pilot episode, and served as executive producer for the series.  
It is located next to the western end of Platform 0, overlooking the River Taff.  
It is one of the largest glacier streams on Svalbard, draining about 690 square kilometers.  
The Kattubava Mosque or Kattubava Pallivasal situated in Pudukkottai district is an important Islamic pilgrimage center.  
Now kept at the British Museum, for many years the identity of the two sitters was unknown until a team of Dutch and British archeologists discovered a missing fragment of the statue in Horemheb's tomb in Saqqara.  
This film is directed by Manan Subra and acted by Alvin Martin, Sasikumar Kandasamy, Anu Ramamoorthy, Sangabalan, Shamini Ramasamy, Kristina Vinokree, Nanthakumar, Pradeep Singh Sivakumar and Vishnukumar Elangovan.  
In other words, it allows the testing of individual differences in patterns of responses over time (i.e. growth curves).  
He still works as a media consultant for several high-profile clients including Police Scotland.  
It was the 19th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2003 WTA Tour.  
Prior to joining WWE he was perhaps best known for his work with Insane Championship Wrestling, where he won the ICW World Heavyweight Championship.  
A majorette is a baton twirler whose twirling performance is often accompanied by dance, movement, or gymnastics; they are primarily associated with marching bands during parades.  
Rospentek is a village and municipality in Santa Cruz Province in southern Argentina.  
The party takes the view that offering the opportunity of positive abstention could assist in increasing voter turnout.  
The series is produced by Warner Bros. Animation and Cartoon Network UK and premiered in the United States on Cartoon Network on April 5, 2010, with the next twelve episodes continuing, and the first episode re-airing, on July 12, 2010.  
A horsehoe-shaped cast stone border of a floral design surrounds the top of the seal and doors.  
Variimorda flavimana is a species of tumbling flower beetles belonging to the family Mordellidae subfamily Mordellinae.  
Gevor is a former WBO Youth champion and current WBO International Cruiserweight champion.  
The Mississippian Railway (reporting mark MSRW) is a short line railroad operating from Amory, Mississippi, to Fulton, Mississippi.  
The album has been described as a distillation of Australian Country Music history, each song a classic and collectively, a musical 'collage' representing the entire spectrum of the bush ballad as it evolved.  
The game received positive reviews from critics, who cited its originality.  
Doka is a dialect.  
In 2015, it was announced that Oliver would no longer be appearing as regularly on the show, and Lou made a temporary departure on 1 May 2015.  
Aerosmith has also won once each in the categories Video of the Year, Best Group Video, and Best Video from a Film.  
As of December 2017, Carvalho is tied with Alexander Shlemenko for most title defenses in the divisions' history.  
Families of most non-US victims were compensated by Baxter voluntarily, while US plaintiffs settled via a class action lawsuit.  
It was re-released with overdubbed "live" effects in September 1969 as an A-side single and reached number 60 on the Billboard Pop chart.  
The shrouds serve a similar function but extend on each side of the mast and provide support in the athwartships direction.  
This animal lived during the Lower Cretaceous, from Upper Valanginian to Upper Barremian.  
The Laboratory influenced numerous computer graphic, mapping and architectural systems such as Intergraph, Computervision, and Esri.  
Mogulu is a populated place in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.  
The Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh (SAAP) undertakes the sports development activities such as construction of stadiums, establishment of sports academies and other sporting related activities.  
The indicator is used in photosynthesis and respiration experiments to find out whether carbon dioxide is being liberated.  
Bartender Terry Lee says they are hoping to have another human toe donated, because several toes have been damaged, stolen, swallowed, or lost over the decades.  
The halo of the Madonna bears the Shahada written backwards.  
TT Quick was an American heavy metal band from Osbornsville, New Jersey that formed in 1979.  
It was recorded at the Oslo Spektrum, Oslo on 4 December 2010; which was initially planned to be their final concert before their eventual reunion in 2015.  
All News Channel's programming was also syndicated to television stations across the United States.  
Another major twist this season was that of Utopia, a separate island.  
Eventually, she got out of prostitution and, with her mother's support, went through drug rehabilitation, finished high school, and eventually received a diploma in Wife Assault and Child Advocacy from George Brown College.  
The inflorescence is a hairy cluster of flowers with small green or purple-tinged sepals and no petals.  
As it was, the Shuttle was not ready until the early 1980s, and Skylab's orbit decayed in 1979.  
While at Fort Knox, he commanded C Company, 4th Battalion, 54th Infantry (Mechanized), 194th Armored Brigade, from June 1977 until June 1978.  
Cebu Holdings, an affiliate of Ayala Land, is currently responsible for the development of Cebu Business Park.  
Three won the Australian ARIA award for 'Best Independent Release' (the ARIAs are Australia's highest awards in the music industry).  
Barris chose the ten-carburetor setup with the ten air horns and lantern lights.  
Alex Carder (born October 22, 1989) is an American football quarterback for the West Michigan Ironmen of Midwest Professional Indoor Football (MPIF).  
Consequently, the entire 100% equity holding is now held by Sundaram Finance (75.90%) and other Indian shareholders (24.10%).  
It is native to northern and central California and Oregon, where it grows in moist meadows, fields, hillsides, and other habitat.  
The movie was the second film made in Hollywood by Danish director Benjamin Christensen and stars Chaney as a Siberian peasant who aids a countess (played by Barbara Bedford) who is threatened by the encroaching insurgency.  
The chairman for (2011-2013) of Thally block is Jayshree Chandrappa.  
He was a student of John N. Mather at Princeton University, obtaining a Ph.D. in 2001.  
The Mayor of Portland (played by Kyle MacLachlan): an enthusiastic but naive booster for the city who constantly thinks up not-quite-plausible improvement schemes which he asks Fred and Carrie to implement.  
She has recently co-starred in Dolph Lundgren's action film, Command Performance, and had a major role in Honey 2.  
Degeneration of this area can be associated with progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease.  
The team previously played at Stadio Nicola Perrone.  
The first edition of The Blue Book was published on 8 February 2013.  
How Museums Put the Nation on Display, is published by the University of California Press.  
High-grade ore from McArthur river is blended with lower grade local rock before being passed through the mill.  
The Paper Dolls were a late 1960s British female vocal trio, from Northampton, comprising lead vocalist Susie 'Tiger' Mathis, Pauline 'Spyder' Bennett and Sue 'Copper' Marshall.  
The Siege of Tripoli lasted from 1102 until July 12, 1109.  
It was the 65th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1961 VFL season.  
The term collaborative writing refers to projects where written works are created by multiple people together (collaboratively) rather than individually.  
TMOQ frequently released its albums with cover art by William Stout.  
It has been found only on the edges of cranberry bogs on Cape Cod.  
An example is the hepatitis B vaccine, where Hepatitis B infection is controlled through the use of a recombinant vaccine, which contains a form of the hepatitis B virus surface antigen that is produced in yeast cells.  
At the end of their stay, Makosi had to choose two of the three secret housemates to enter the main house.  
The Literary World was a weekly American magazine founded in February 1847 by Osgood and Company in New York City.  
The film, which was Sathyaraj's directorial debut which remains his first and only directorial so far and for whom the film was also his 125th starrer, took a mammoth opening at the box office.  
A Deal Is a Deal.  
It was located 9.7 miles north of Marianna, Florida.  
Michael G. Sak (born 1959) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.  
Prior to 2014, the company had an agreement with satellite TV company DISH Network to market and sell DISH Network products, as well as to provide DISH Network customers in remote locations with access to broadcast network programming from distant markets.  
The park like environment boasts 33 individual indoor and outdoor venues within the 18 hectare site.  
The title Baron of Dungannon in the Peerage of Ireland was associated with the first creation of the title of Earl of Tyrone.  
It is bordered by Bogan River in the west, and includes the area to the northeast of Nyngan.  
The 2017 Stockholm FIM Speedway Grand Prix was the tenth race of the 2017 Speedway Grand Prix season.  
Born in England, at aged twelve she was selected from 1,000 applicants for the starring role of Emily Thornton in the film A High Wind in Jamaica, after having been discovered by talent agent Maureen Riscoe.  
Route 166 is a minor state highway in southern Connecticut running from Westbrook to Old Saybrook.  
It has been called "consummately intellectual", "by far the most beautiful of all photographic magazines", and "a portrait of an age [in which] the artistic sensibility of the nineteenth century was transformed into the artistic awareness of the present day."  
The university was established in 2001.  
Stanley House at 550 King's Road is a 17th century house in Chelsea, London, the former house of Admiral Sir Charles Wager.  
Deltophalonia embrithopa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.  
He became a regular presenter on the show in the 2010-11 series and rejoined for the current series in 2013.  
In the village is a memorial to George Meikle Kemp, the architect who designed the Scott Monument in Edinburgh.  
The Qahatika, according to Curtis, managed to find land suitable for growing wheat.  
In 2012, The Walt Disney Company acquired ILM as part of its purchase of Lucasfilm.  
The film was released on August 25, 1929, by Fox Film Corporation.  
Given this view of women, it is no accident that one of the chief deities of war was Toci, the "Woman of Discord", who symbolized the troublesome appeal of female sexuality as a disputative force.  
This was the first contested election and the first presidential race with only two candidates in Singaporean history.  
The boundaries of the Wyoming Territory were identical to the modern State of Wyoming.  
Juan Polo Perez (born October 17, 1963 in Colombia) is a retired Colombian boxer.  
The system was introduced in 2006, using machine learning technology to facilitate the development of motion recognition packages for individual games.  
The first of a planned three volumes was released on July 11, 2006.  
She was a member of the 11th Lok Sabha and won the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2004.  
For example, percutaneous intradiscal radiofrequency thermocoagulation (PIRFT) involves the placement of an electrode or catheter into the intervertebral disk and applying an alternating radiofrequency current.  
Inniskillin is a Canadian winery located in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario.  
Lawrence Ball (born 17 September 1951) is an English musician and composer who lives in North London.  
Krishnaganj (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in Nadia district in the Indian state of West Bengal.  
The area is similar to the locality of Tirrannaville, which partly lies in the Goulburn Parish.  
Usage of the tactic extended to Russian President Vladimir Putin and his spokesman, Dmitry Peskov.  
Even Andre Pitts and Lorenzo Hall could not help Saba to survive from the quagmire made by Sanam.  
Bay Shore Post Office was designed by Louis A. Simon and artist Wheeler Williams.  
By 2008, the league had twenty skaters, and was attracting around 500 fans to its bouts, while, in 2010, crowds topped 1,000, in a season in which the All Stars team won all eight of its interleague bouts.  
Usually a fullback on either flank, he could also appear as a central defender.  
He is sometimes mis-credited as Chris Rizola.  
Since 1982, Motivate Media Group has been operated in a partnership between Ian Fairservice and Obaid Humaid Al Tayer who is currently the UAE Minister of State for Finance.  
The 1985 England rugby union tour of New Zealand was a series of seven matches played by the England national rugby union team in New Zealand in May and June 1985.  
It can also be used to correct for the roll and heel-induced errors that often plague fluxgate compasses installed on steel vessels.  
While at Oxford in 1984, he took part in the British televised quiz-show University Challenge.  
Before the Act of Union 1707, the barons of the sheriffdom or shire of Berwick (also called the Merse) elected commissioners to represent them in the unicameral Parliament of Scotland and in the Convention of Estates.  
It was a variety show, with comedy and musical performances.  
Three of Lord Calthorpe's sons, the second, third and fourth Barons, both succeeded in the titles.  
According to school website, around 3500 students currently attends Seethi Sahib H S S. Both high school and higher secondary follows state syllabus.  
A public call office (PCO) is a telephone facility located in a public place in India and Pakistan.  
The aircraft made its inaugural flight on 1 July 1930 and was flown for the next 18 months, but after Ford proved unable to provide the authorities with blue prints and technical specifications, it was mothballed in 1933.  
Howard Dean was a Governor of Vermont, candidate for President of the United States, and Chairman of the Democratic National Committee.  
In the fourth article, Egypt agreed to permit the passage of newly-appointed Abunas to Ethiopia.  
The band has also self-released a number of singles and CD-Rs.  
The movie was filmed on location in Denali National Park, Juneau, Anchorage, Palmer, Whittier, Matanuska Glacier and on the state ferry boat Kennicott run by the Alaska Marine Highway System.  
Quantum Foods was unbundled from Pioneer Foods in October 2014 and is listed as a separate entity on the JSE.  
Play media Public transport in Auckland, the largest metropolitan area of New Zealand, consists of three modes: bus, train and ferry.  
It was Lewis's "comeback album" and features a stripped down, "hardcore" country sound that yielded two top 5 country hits, the icon's first major chart success in a decade.  
Although none of the LP's tracks made the Hot 100, one of the cuts, "Beat the Street", made it to #41 on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart.  
The blagovest is a type of peal in Russian Orthodox bell ringing.  
The Science of Good and Evil: Why People Cheat, Gossip, Care, Share, and Follow the Golden Rule is a 2004 book by Michael Shermer on ethics and evolutionary psychology.  
The CRAM diet (cereal, rice, applesauce, and milk) is a short term dietary treatment for diarrhea and gastroenteritis.  
Mexacarbate is a carbamate pesticide developed by Alexander Shulgin and marketed in 1961 by Dow Chemical Company under the trade name Zectran.  
The city is named after founder John Dixon, who operated a rope ferry service across Rock River, which runs through the city.  
The East Riding of Yorkshire is a unitary authority in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.  
The album also charted at #39 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.  
In Croatia-Slavonia, stamps of Hungary overprinted with "HRVATSKA / SHS" went on sale 18 November.  
Its population is 510 as of 2017.  
He has received five Gospel Music Association Dove Awards for songwriting.  
Nathan LaFayette (born February 17, 1973) is a former ice hockey player in the NHL.  
The boat is backed up by search and rescue operations from 424 Transport and Rescue Squadron (at CFB Trenton).  
The association's most important notable accomplishments include the creation of the country's finest music library of the time, the sponsorship of the first professional and public chamber music series in the United States, the erection of the Boston Music Hall, and the formation of the orchestra which ultimately gave rise to the Boston Symphony Orchestra.  
Its cathedral, Christ Episcopal Cathedral, is in Salina.  
The Fund was launched in 1948 with the help of the Variety Club of New England (now the Variety Children's Charity of New England).  
However he was unable to retain his place, his season culminating in a 10-5 defeat to Lee Spick in the first qualifying round of the World Championship.  
It was published on March 7, 1788 under the pseudonym "Publius", the name under which all The Federalist papers were published.  
The Barbara Jefferis Award is an Australian literary award prize.  
The Company received a Royal Charter in 1958.  
Ellen was the daughter of Orson Spencer for whom Spencer Clawson was named.  
Tony Liu Tian-jue (born 7 February 1952) is a Hong Kong actor and martial artist.  
It is native to British Columbia, Oregon, Washington State and California, where it grows in woods and especially in clay and serpentine soils.  
Public water supply and sanitation in Scotland is characterized by universal access and generally good service quality.  
Larger studies (with smaller SE and larger 1/SE) will be observed to aggregate away from the origin.  
The album has caused media interest because of its folk-ish sound some compared to turbo folk.  
It was a 'subcritical' pulverized coal-fired boiler.  
Prior to the album's release, "Bedroom Talk" was issued as a single in April 2005, and the band went on tour debuting a handful of songs from the album.  
Naznin Faruque (born August 1, 1954) is an Indian social worker, politician and a Member of Parliament (Rajya Sabha) elected from Assam, India being an Indian National Congress candidate.  
During the broadcast, Pepsi Chart Show presenter Neil Fox revealed in a live link-up that "Sound of the Underground" recorded by Girls Aloud had reached Number one on the Singles Chart, thereby becoming the Christmas Number One.  
At age 21, he published a book called "Couscous met appelmoes, dialoog met Marokkanen" (Couscous with apple sauce, dialog with Moroccans) concerning life's issues of Moroccan youths.  
Cancellaria candida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.  
He had been pre-selected for the 1999 Rugby World Cup, but was left outside the final team.  
A 1996 graduate of South Florida State College, he earned an associate degree in computer programming.  
She has been widely exhibited in the United States, England, Italy, Holland and Mexico.  
Mothugudem is a village in Khammam district of the Indian state of Telangana.  
Gedeo is a Zone in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region (SNNPR) of Ethiopia.  
Joye Estazie (born August 10, 1984) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a defender for AS de Vacoas-Phoenix in the Mauritian League.  
Copelatus ornatipennis is a species of diving beetle.  
The 1983 Kentucky Derby was the 109th running of the Kentucky Derby.  
Sultan Salahuddin (died 25 November 1548) was the second sultan of Aceh, reigning from 1530 to c. 1537 or 1539.  
It is found in semi-arid and arid habitats, including the Kalahari Desert and the Namib Desert.  
The Lilstock Formation is a geologic formation in England.  
He was also featured in the Adele music video for "Hello".  
Tony Tooke was the Chief of the United States Forest Service for a little over six months, from September 1, 2017, until he announced his retirement on March 7, 2018 due to numerous sexual misconduct allegations over his four decades of employment in numerous positions for the Forest Service.  
Michael J. Lewis (born March 18, 1946) is a retired American professional basketball player.  
Cephalotes manni is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes, characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to "parachute" by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on.  
The lake is named after William Wallace.  
The race took place on May 1, 1971.  
A television program of the same name ran for two seasons on the Showtime cable network between June 2007 and May 2008.  
Denise C. Nuttall Stephens is an associate professor of astronomy in the College of Physics and Mathematics in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Brigham Young University.  
Scott King (born January 21, 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Hannover Scorpions in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).  
Albert S. Brandeis Elementary School is a former elementary school in Louisville, Kentucky that began operation in 1913.  
Glandularia pulchella is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common name South American mock vervain.  
The syntax of the Java programming language is the set of rules defining how a Java program is written and interpreted.  
However, Tweak UI provides a simple graphical user interface that most users find easier to use and less risky than editing the registry.  
She won a silver medal in the relay at the 1992 World Ski Orienteering Championships in France, together with Mirja Ojanen and Virpi Juutilainen.  
According to the experts, the growth of steel industry in Bangladesh is mainly induced by the rapid expansion of the country's shipbuilding and real estate sector, as well as the major investments in various infrastructure projects throughout the country.  
Wired Telephone Numbers follow the pattern 530-352-xxxx.  
It is now an excellent example of what can be achieved on reclaimed land and boasts extensive areas of wildflower meadow and woodland, and provides very good open views across Cheshire, the Wirral and Merseyside.  
Graham told The State Journal newspaper on January 25, 2012, ""I have no intentions of re-filing for election.  
Born in Rockford, Illinois, Ange Armato was the seventh girl out of eight children from a large Italian family.  
Some countries prohibit dual citizenship holders from serving in their military, on police forces or holding certain public offices.  
A newer Fire Station 19 was occupied in 1976 one block to the south.  
The 1997 WNBA draft was the inaugural draft held by the WNBA through which teams could select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women's basketball players.  
Apart from the Sun Chariot Stakes she won the Prix du Pin in 2010 and the Prix du Palais-Royal in 2011.  
He won gold at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in men's sitting Super G at the Pyeongchang Olympics.  
The single "The Band Played the Boogie" charted as high as number 36 on the UK Official Charts.  
The film stars Kim Yoon-seok, Ha Jung-woo, Yoo Hae-jin, Kim Tae-ri, Park Hee-soon and Lee Hee-joon.  
Durand William Springer (born August 9, 1866) was an American football coach and college faculty member.  
Every Day Happy is a Philippine television variety talk show broadcast by GMA Network.  
The title became extinct on his death in 1762.  
The community contains a historic covered bridge over the Patoka River, the Wheeling Bridge, completed in 1877.  
John the Evangelist, Upper Edmonton is a church in Edmonton and is within the Diocese of London and are under the Bishop of Edmonton, the Rt Revd Peter Wheatley.  
For the types of Spazio Interiore are published in Italy works of Alejandro Jodorowsky, Claudio Naranjo, Aryeh Kaplan, Rick Strassman, Stanislav Grof, Robert Monroe, E. J. Gold.  
Communal violence is a form of violence that is perpetrated across ethnic or communal lines, the violent parties feel solidarity for their respective groups, and victims are chosen based upon group membership.  
A third burgh constituency, Hawick Burghs, was newly created, receiving one member.  
He showed promising form as a two-year-old in 1998, winning one of his four races and finishing second in both the Chesham Stakes and the Solario Stakes.  
Na h-Eileanan Iasgaich comprise a small uninhabited archipelago in Loch Boisdale, in the south east of the island of South Uist, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.  
The Old Colony Rail Trail is a paved rail trail located in Harwich and Chatham, Massachusetts.  
The MONA or Hodges number for Neogrotella confusa is 11231.  
Masaka District is a district in the Central Region of Uganda.  
The team relocated to Saskatoon, Canada.  
The Liberal Party led by John Kent won the election and Kent served as Newfoundland's premier.  
The National Park Service celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2016.  
Often, short lines exist for all three of these reasons.  
South Carolina voted for the Democratic nominee, Winfield Scott Hancock, over the Republican nominee, James A. Garfield.  
Welterweights were limited to a maximum of 64 kilograms in body mass.  
Bernard de Wolff (1 November 1955 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch painter of contemporary cityscapes, cows, landscapes and nudes.  
The IWFFA has won numerous awards such as the Dick Butkas Award for their website, 1996 National Sports Emmy Award for "Football America" TNT/NFL Films chosen outstanding edited sports special (Kelly McGillis Classic).  
Previous to the creation of the 'war czar' position, Deputy National Security Advisor Meghan O'Sullivan was primarily responsible for White House programs related to the war, under the direction of the National Security Advisor, Stephen J. Hadley and without authority to issue interagency orders.  
McCabe has also represented the Scotland national under-21 football team.  
Shannonvale is a community in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada.  
Flynn Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of South Dakota.  
Yost was a member of the Marvel Writers Program and has worked as a screenwriter for Marvel Studios' Marvel Cinematic Universe with Thor: The Dark World (2013) and Thor: Ragnarok (2017).  
The formal ceremony at which the awards are presented takes place in Los Angeles, California.  
Pete Weber captured his fifth major title and second PBA National Championship of his career.  
The Lagoni di Mercurago Nature Park, established in 1980, is a natural reserve in Piedmont, located in Mercurago, a hamlet near Arona, consisting of many lakes with swamp vegetation.  
The Concert (c. 1664) is a painting by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer which depicts a man and two women performing music.  
The Penang Po Leung Kuk was the first Anglo-Chinese welfare organization in Penang dedicated to protecting Chinese female immigrants from exploitation and sexploitation.  
The Bette are one of five tribes inhabiting the area, along with the Utugwang, Alege, Ukpe and Ubang.  
It is the third women's competition organized by the CFU, after the 2000 CFU Women's Caribbean Cup and the 2014 CFU Women's Caribbean Cup.  
Similarly aged fossils belonging to two extinct species, P. gryci and P. deeringensis, have been discovered in Yakutia.  
Aponogeton crispus is an aquatic plant species.  
Released on Maurice White's label Kalimba Records, it was their first of new material in six years.  
The stream was named after the Jordan River in West Asia.  
He played college basketball for Tennessee State.  
In the South, it is absent from Greece.  
The larvae are yellowish white with a black head.  
The Transcaspian Government (1918 - July 1919) was a "Menshevik-Socialist Revolutionary" coalition set up by the Railway workers of the Trans-Caspian Railway in 1918.  
These processing elements are fed by on chip H.264 and MPEG-2 codecs and controlled by an off die host CPU, connected by an on chip PCIe controller (in contrast to the Cell processor which has an on chip CPU (the PPE) doing similar work).  
The Checks were a New Zealand rock band known for blues-driven, high-energy rock.  
It is not commonly used, but has activity similar to other opiates.  
However, this season was also unique in that included a separate "B-Class" classification for drivers using the previous season's March chassis.  
Purchases made based on mulu recommendations benefit either the user who made the recommendation or the charity of their choosing.  
Parkview is an unincorporated community in northern Harrison Township, Vigo County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.  
The counting was conducted with protection from Central Paramilitary Forces.  
He made his stage debut at Den Nationale Scene in 1970.  
While players take the role of Poirot, they are actually playing as Captain Hastings playing as Poirot, in an interactive scenario designed by Poirot in order to allow his long-time friend a chance to solve the mystery in the way Poirot would.  
The team play in the Welsh Football League Division Two .  
The group met controversy when they were banned from playing at The Forum in Inglewood, California, where Metallica were booked for two dates.  
It was established in 1935, with the preamble stating: Having decided upon the adoption of certain proposals with regard to the employment of women on underground work in mines of all kinds,..  
The younger frogs are a grayish brown with some darker markings.  
Osbert was one of a group of men who are considered the first signs of a professional judiciary in England.  
In philately, an omnibus issue is an issue of stamps by several countries with a common subject and which may share a uniform design.  
The album was also issued as a quadraphonic LP with some songs as alternate takes.  
Pankhuri Gidwani who won Femina Miss India 2nd Runner Up 2016 was designated Miss Grand India 2016 and represented India at Miss Grand International 2016 held in USA.After the Femina Miss India 2016 pageant, Lopamudra Raut who was not a contestant at Femina Miss India 2016, but had been a contestant in the 2013 and 2014 editions, was later designated by Femina as India's representative at Miss United Continents 2016 held in Ecuador where she placed as 2nd Runner Up.  
Devotion to Our Lady of Walsingham was also encouraged.  
Those diagnosed with epilepsy or certain other neurological conditions are more vulnerable to seizures if the threshold is reduced, and should be compliant with their anticonvulsant drug regimen.  
Hiroshi Hanawa (born 14 May 1950) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.  
The Curse of the Black Pearl were conceived in 2004, with Elliott and Rossio developing a story arc that would span both films.  
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Peticus and Poplicola (or, less frequently, year 401 Ab urbe condita).  
Discus catskillensis, common name angular disk, is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.  
He served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006 from the 122nd district.  
In 1924, an 8 meter long turntable was provided at the station, for the operation of an AEC railmotor between Reservoir and Whittlesea station, running two trips a day.  
Morula bicatenata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.  
Scottish Golf Show is a Scottish television series, which aired on Scottish TV and Grampian TV (now both known as STV).  
Trachusa timberlakei is a species of hymenopteran in the family Megachilidae.  
The layout surrounds a catering picnic area of the park.  
However, in these cases the box resonance is carefully tuned so as to make the sound more equal across frequencies, rather than to impart a particular character to the reinforced sound.  
The 2016 Kazakhstan Cup Final was the 25th final of the Kazakhstan Cup.  
Bop It (see below).  
Football has been a sport at the South Asian Games since it commenced in 1984.  
At festivals, hard copies of the magazine are also printed and circulated.  
Wycliffe is a British television series, based on W. J. Burley's novels about Detective Superintendent Charles Wycliffe.  
He made his List A debut for Essex in the 1980 John Player League against Yorkshire.  
From 2001 to 2004 he was Director of the European Institute at the same institution.  
The record was so successful in raising funds, McKeown and Nise received an award from the city of Philadelphia presented by the city's then mayor Wilson Goode, making national and international press.  
He also had a brief loan spell at Dunfermline Athletic whilst at Tynecastle.  
Moreover, the volume of data is increasing exponentially with a doubling time of approximately 10 months.  
Cheikha Rabia is an Algerian singer born in Relizane (near Oran) in Algeria.  
He was the first piano-accordionist to appear on big-time vaudeville, records, radio and the screen.  
John Eugene Joseph Dromey MP (born 29 September 1948) is a British Labor Party politician and trade unionist.  
Australia and South Africa both scheduled two such matches; the Wallabies won both of their matches comfortably, while the Springboks lost both of theirs.  
Mount Vernon pays about eighty percent of Trion's taxes.  
Jim Carns (born September 21, 1940) is an American politician and businessman (manufacturing).  
The genus contains only one species, Fasslia hampsoni, which is found in Colombia.  
In the New Testament this is the verse most often cited to condemn that practice.  
Alaparthi Sivanagaprasad Chowdary, known professionally as P. A. Arun Prasad, is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer known for his works in Telugu, Tamil and Kannada cinema.  
The second album's single, "I Am L.V.", peaked at number 87 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.  
The DVD version of this album was released in June 2011.  
On 3 March 2009, investigators found 427 unidentified bodies at a ditch in the mine.  
This was Bachchan's third film since his comeback after a five-year hiatus; it failed at the box office, but hit in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.  
Local student radio station Contact FM has been running the event since 2008.  
Each year, the program presents works by artists from Asia, outdoor events and food stalls.  
She was the youngest daughter of Theobald de Bar, Seigneur de Pierrepont and his wife Marie de Namur.  
William K. Wilson was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.  
Paulina is a female given name.  
The 1906 Victorian Football League season was the 10th season of the elite Australian rules football competition.  
Ten events returned from the 2015 schedule and two were added.  
In color theory, a color scheme is the choice of colors used in design for a range of media.  
Armi Helena Kuusela (born 20 August 1934 in Muhos) is a Finnish charity worker, model and beauty queen.  
The habitat of the jungle brake is rainforest where it can form large colonies in shaded moist situations.  
Diplotaxis moerens is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.  
It attained international charting and spawned three chart topping singles, including the Billboard hits "Nothin' on You", "Airplanes" and "Magic".  
His first book, Infoquake, was nominated for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel and named Barnes & Noble's Top SF Novel of 2006.  
He reached number 16 in world rankings and number 2 in the UK.  
In woodworking, the boring tool is static in size and used to form circular plunge cuts.  
It is the only synagogue in the Catskills with an exposed truss roof.  
Whilst the harvest of the year after the campaign was larger, there was a massive rise in locust numbers in the late 1950s, as a result of the significantly lower population of sparrows, a major predator of the locust.  
First of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that aired on BBC1.  
He reached this mark on his 17th inning, which is the least number of innings ever taken.  
The style of each host varies a bit but most will comment on the particular film or show that is being screened, along with commentary about the acting, subject matter, and cast and crew, among other things.  
Commercial property and building inspections (also known as Property Condition Assessments or PCA's) are important for clients seeking to know the condition of a property or real estate they may be purchasing, leasing, financing or simply maintaining.  
Dimidiata has been found in rock piles, caves occupied by bats, hollow trees occupied by mammals or birds, and other diverse ecotopes.  
Helena Boettcher was a Polish luger who competed during the 1950s.  
Dynamic balance is the ability of an object to balance while in motion or switching between positions.  
The Leica SL (Typ 601) is a full frame 35mm format mirrorless system camera announced by Leica Camera AG on October 20, 2015.  
The Liverpool Kirkdale by-election, 1910 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 20 July 1910 for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool Kirkdale.  
Remarkably, Australia won both matches by exactly the same margin, 45 runs.  
She appeared in more than twenty films since 2003 including her role as Gwendolyn "Gwen" Shepard in the Ruby Red film series based on the book.  
It is known from Azerbaijan and Iran.  
She is known for creating the Cartoon Network series Steven Universe, which has made her the first woman to independently create a series for the network.  
Bribe Payers Index (BPI) is a measure of how willing a nation's business sector appears to engage in corrupt business practices.  
It currently fields two teams every Saturday.  
Among the achievements is the improvement of water services in the capital Tbilisi where water supply is now continuous and of good quality, major improvements in the country's second-largest city Batumi on the Black Sea where the country's first modern wastewater treatment plant now is under operation, as well as a general increase in access to drinking water in the entire country.  
Laura Cox is a Republican politician from Michigan currently representing the 19th District in the Michigan House of Representatives after being elected in November 2014.  
Previously, he was Professor in the Department of Bioengineering and Faculty of Engineering for National University of Singapore (2003-2012).  
Schoenobius sagitella is a moth in the family Crambidae.  
Numerous religious traditions have complex understandings of the nature, function and expectations of prayer.  
Most hofjes were for women, because they were able to run their own modest household, usually as a member of a "hofje team" in various responsible roles.  
Potamilus alatus (pink heelsplitter) is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, commonly known as the river mussels.  
The abandoned railway right of way is now part of the Trans Canada Trail.  
Expanded in the 1970s, the HRBT remains Virginia's busiest and deepest such facility.  
Denise Nickerson (born April 1, 1957) is an American former child actress and former singer best known for her roles as the gum-chewing Violet Beauregarde in the 1971 movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, Allison on The Electric Company and Amy Jennings and Nora Collins in the soap opera Dark Shadows.  
Between 2002 and 2011, the Smith Ranch - Highland operation has produced 15 million pounds U3O8.  
Space agencies sometimes open the naming up to the public or to school children in the form of essay contests.  
The album title has multiple meanings.  
Additionally, the theater was equipped with state-of-the-art fire safety equipment.  
Obsessed is a 1959 romantic DeLuxe Color drama film in CinemaScope about the hardships faced by a widow and her eight-year-old son on a rugged Canadian ranch.  
Where a mental state is shared by a large proportion of the members of a group or society, it can be called a collective mental state.  
Most of it dries at low tide.  
Adaptations of Geoffrey's Historia were extremely popular throughout Western Europe during the Middle Ages, but the Brut proved especially influential in medieval Wales, where it was largely regarded as an accurate account of the early history of the Celtic Britons.  
Night World is a series of ten (with the tenth as yet unpublished) young adult fantasy novels by American author L. J. Smith.  
It was Nonesuch Records' first million-selling album.  
Over time, this camp grew into a military town and continues to be used by the Army to the present day.  
In addition to the above list of members there have been numerous other members of C.O.B.D.O over the years who are not historically listed.  
Adams batted and threw right-handed.  
Both Rocketmen and Race Day were later discontinued.  
Jeonbuk also became the first team in history of Asia to have won the Champions League before the national league title (winning their first K-League championship three years later, in 2009).  
The repeal means that the statutory caps of a maximum of 15 months' pay for voluntary departures and 12 months' pay for compulsory departures, will not apply to the new civil service compensation scheme that is starting on 22 December 2010.  
Arthur Andrews Collins (b. Sept. 9, 1909, d. Feb. 25, 1987) first gained national recognition as a teenager for significant advances in radio communication, and later founded his own radio engineering and manufacturing company in 1933.  
Satudarah MC differs from most other outlaw motorcycle gangs in the fact that it welcomes all races into its club, owing to its historical creation by a group of Moluccans and Dutch friends.  
Nolan would be asked to leave the band shortly before the release of the album and would be replaced by Lee Pomeroy.  
The New Testament was published in 1961 and the Old Testament (with the Apocrypha) was published in 1970.  
Vijayapuri is a census town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.  
A subsidiary of Google, the company develops and sells an e-commerce platform that automates billing and ordering processes for cloud marketplaces.  
Determining the O/B number for VC and PAVN forces was complicated by the wide range of personnel involved, especially among VC.  
Soosiz is an iOS adventure game developed by Finnish studio Touch Foo and released on October 9, 2009.  
At club level Dunne is a two-time Munster medalist with Toomevara.  
The population of the noisy scrubbird was estimated at 40 to 45 birds in 1962.  
Though it was Sean who handled all the vocals and songwriting, the album was credited to Chris as they considered putting younger Chris in front would draw more attention to the band.  
It was republished around 1872 by John Camden Hotten in his series The Library Illustrative of Social Progress, attributed to Theresa Berkley.  
On July 6, 2016, Yale announced that Bailyn would become the first head of the new Benjamin Franklin College, which opened in 2017.  
It is adjacent to Sussex II State Prison, which lies to its northwest, just across Mussellwhite Drive.  
The women's snowboard big air competition of the FIS Freestyle Ski and Snowboarding World Championships 2015 was held at Kreischberg, Austria on January 23 (qualifying) and January 24 (finals).  
La Mine d'or de Dick Digger, written and drawn by Morris, is an album containing two stories from serial publication in Le Journal de Spirou during 1947, namely La Mine d'or de Dick Digger and Le Sosie de Lucky Luke.  
Singh had a maiden call for the official Indian squad for the South Africa series in 2015.  
Dinmont was a stopping place and railway station in Victoria, Australia.  
Written by Clarkson with Jason Halbert, who handled its production, it is a Christmas-themed song about the witnessing the festive joys of the Christmas season, primarily on the night before the holiday itself.  
Levin has co-authored three books including QBQ!  
It had its world premiere on May 18, 2009 at the Cannes Film Festival and stars Dario Yazbek Bernal and Marimar Vega.  
The seeds, most notably those of fonio, can be toasted and ground into a flour, which can be used to make porridge or fermented to make beer.  
He was also briefly a member of the Filthy Thieving Bastards, recording one record with the group.  
The service was originally based on peer-to-peer technology acquired from Microsoft Research.  
As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,198.  
Methodists built the church at Barber in 1917.  
Tight, impermeable subsurface lithology (tight clays or other fine-grained material) make it difficult to spread additives throughout the affected area.  
He had an active participation in public contracts in the province of Buenos Aires, where he served for more than thirty years.  
The denomination 231 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.  
There have been several liturgical books used in American Presbyterian Churches.  
This pattern of low dose reaction is not generally accepted by toxicologists.  
Garland Charles Robinette (born August 21, 1943 in Boutte, Louisiana) is a journalist in the New Orleans area.  
Kolhan is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India.  
It is also utilized by the rare Mormon metalmark butterfly.  
Opened on April 4, 1975, it is the southern-most major transit hub in the Metro Vancouver area (as it is only a few kilometers from the Canada-United States border).  
Andrew George Blair's daughter Bessie, and Alex Creelman, fell through a patch of weak ice - though Creelman pulled himself to safety, Harper dove into the river to save Blair, and both ultimately drowned.  
Located at the western end of Bukit Timah Road, this station serves the private residential estate along the Bukit Timah corridor.  
The single went to number 21 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1988.  
As a two-year-old in 2006 she was one of the best fillies of her generation in Ireland when she won three of eight races including the Moyglare Stud Stakes and the Goffs Million as well as finishing third in the Phoenix Stakes.  
U. deningeri is a descendant of U. savini and an ancestor of U. spelaeus.  
The council area covers 912 square kilometers and had a population of over 23,000 as at the 2016 Census.  
Liberty is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.  
The winners of the 2016 IndieWire Critics Poll were announced on December 19, 2016.  
This species was formerly classified under Corallomycetella.  
Many Moods of the Upsetters is a studio album by The Upsetters, released in 1970.  
Burglary is a statutory offense in England and Wales.  
The series aired on CBS from April 8, 1978 to May 13, 1978.The series was a spin-off of Busting Loose and was one of two series Knight starred in that bore his name; in 1986 his sitcom Too Close for Comfort changed its name to The Ted Knight Show.  
The Hartford Distributors shooting was a mass shooting that occurred on August 3, 2010, in Manchester, Connecticut, United States.  
Lee Township is a township in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.  
The 2012 national convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars was held in Reno, and U.S. president Barack Obama gave a speech.  
AUGA group is developing a closed-loop organic farming model which aims to achieve synergies among different branches of agriculture and the re-use of organic waste.  
The film is a sequel to 2000 film, Ginger Snaps and the second installment in the Ginger Snaps series, written by Megan Martin and directed by Brett Sullivan.  
The editor-in-chief is Hans-Ulrich Wittchen (TU Dresden).  
It operates Lockheed C-130 Hercules aircraft supporting the United States Air Force global reach mission worldwide.  
Psychological abuse: Verbal abuse, sleep deprivation, white noise, pointless/absurd or humiliating instructions, recurrent exhaustive inspections and shakedowns, arbitrary strip searches, denuding actions, exposure, etc.  
Lightering (also called lighterage) is the process of transferring cargo between vessels of different sizes, usually between a barge and a bulker or oil tanker.  
The other nine tracks on the album are one-minute tracks.  
A blackout during war, or in preparation for an expected war, is the practice of collectively minimizing outdoor light, including upwardly directed (or reflected) light.  
The film culminates at the Battle of Beersheba which is reputedly "the last successful cavalry charge in history".  
As a student he met Ernst Lang, director of Basel Zoo with whom he maintained a long-term association.  
Senators are elected in even-numbered years when the President of the United States is not being elected, similar to most other state offices in Maryland.  
In molecular biology, the cloacin immunity protein inhibits the bacterial polypeptide toxin, cloacin.  
She is best known for her role as Jessica Arnold in the BBC school drama, Grange Hill, in which she acted between 1994 and 1998.  
Material that is being cut is held tight against the fence in order to ensure that it is cut to the specified width.  
The church originated from St. Andrew's Church, founded in 1830 as the first Church of Scotland congregation in what was then the town of York.  
It is on the National Register of Historical Places.  
The Women's 200 meter freestyle event at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games took place on 15 December 2013 at Wunna Theikdi Aquatics Center.  
He has been capped by the U.S. national sevens team and the United States national rugby union team.  
This is because compression is far better on Blu-ray, as will naturally be the encoding, and it is also possible to provide lossless audio.  
Cockerill attended Winchester School and subsequently played for the Old Wykehamists in a match in 1817, one of his 2 known appearances in first-class matches.  
Note: A small proportion of rods contact the cone bipolar cells directly.  
She also teaches undergraduate programs in Philosophy, and Philosophy, Politics and Law or PPL.  
The buildings were designed for the processing of kidskins into morocco or glazed kid leather.  
EFORT Open Reviews is a gold open access journal and hence articles published in the journal are available online to anyone, free of charge.  
However, progress is now being made in this area.  
For much of 2008, it was a mostly empty lake basin after a portion of a county highway that forms part of the dike wall eroded on June 9, 2008, under the pressure of floods in the area.  
Cinzia Fiordeponti, best known as Cinzia De Ponti (born 3 October 1960), is an Italian actress, model and television personality.  
He is also a former American professional baseball pitcher.  
He was the co-founder of Franklin & Armfield, "the largest slave trading firm" in the United States.  
He is the creator/producer or has written and developed several television series including Boy Meets World, Dinosaurs, Charles in Charge, My Two Dads, The Torkelsons and Girl Meets World.  
This building, a Prairie School structure designed by Alfred C. Clas, was used for cooking and sanitation by the many auto tourists who visited the park.  
Macrocheilus taedatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Anthiinae.  
It was the first postwar conference pitting the victorious Allies of the west against the Soviet Union and its allied states of Eastern Europe in which the latter held a majority and were expected to win all points of disagreement between the two sides.  
Sport Verenigang La Fama (as known SV La Fama) is an Aruban football club based in Savaneta, who play in Aruba's first division.  
Among the main features of this car is an ordinary right side rear door while on the left side, the rear door is a sliding door without an intermediate pillar.  
His 10.04 personal best set at the Mt. SAC Relays on April 16, 2016 is the Asian Junior record.  
All Too Flat's elgooG site found practical use in the People's Republic of China after the domestic banning of Google, circumventing the Great Firewall.  
In 2007, it was reported from Brazil.  
William Brindley (born December 25, 1982 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a former American soccer player.  
The film starred Tricia Leigh Fisher and Timothy Williams and was directed by Sean McNamara, marking his directorial debut.  
It is a medium to large sized dog similar in appearance to the Labrador Retriever.  
In retirement from playing Doyle became involved in team management, coaching and refereeing.  
Air pressurized water (APW) extinguishers are a type of fire extinguisher that use ordinary water (H2O) to suppress fire.  
The equestrian events at the 1956 Summer Olympics were held in Stockholm due to the Australian quarantine regulations and included dressage, eventing, and show jumping.  
Music for 'Bubble' is an album by Robert Pollard, released in 2005.  
He told the protestors he had authority from the King and the Lord of Heaven to destroy enclosures and promised to protect protesters by the contents of his pouch, which he carried by his side, which he said would keep them from all harm.  
The Teacher Academy's first class graduated in 1998.  
A new person is pointed at as each word is said.  
Spirobolus crebristriatus, is a species of round-backed millipede in the family Spirobolidae.  
"Hummingbird" was the second single, climbing to #12 AC, #20 Pop, and #40 on the Canadian RPM Magazine charts.  
He was supposed to have predicted the onset of the Black Death.  
It has been hosted by Canadian cities every year in CJAHL markets.  
List of actors who have played Dr. Watson in various media.  
He represented Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Liberal member.  
Voter turnout was 87.6%.  
Paul Emmanuel is a South African artist best known for his prints, drawings and installations.  
The school is well known for its open riser stairs, being some of the first in the country, and its astro-turf, which was funded by a successful campaign from the National Lottery.  
From 1995 to 1997 he was the Chief of Plans, Operations and Training at the Rwandan Patriotic Army Headquarters.  
In order to earn a large inheritance, an American woman travels to Britain to prevent her ex-husband having any more children.  
Kot is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal.  
It was issued onto Davis' studio album of the same name.  
Despite being small in size, they carried a large 76 mm gun.  
Gardonne is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.  
The record was a departure from Jackson's previous work for Motown Records.  
Myosins are actin binding molecular motors that use the enzymatic conversion of ATP - ADP + inorganic phosphate (Pi) to provide the energy for movement.  
He is most noted for holding the presidency of the Western Bulldogs, an Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League (AFL).  
All versions have the same height (1780 mm), width (1815 mm) and wheelbase (3000 mm); the length varies depending on the configuration: 5155 mm for the version "Single Cab", 5275 mm for a cabin "extended version" and 5285 mm for pick-up to "double cab".  
The company is privately-held and based in Chattanooga, Tennessee.  
John Greene (died 16 June 1883) was an Irish landowner and politician from County Kilkenny.  
Proteins containing BIR are known as inhibitor of apoptosis proteins (IAPs), or BIR-containing proteins (BIRPs or BIRCs), and include BIRC1 (NAIP), BIRC2 (cIAP1), BIRC3 (cIAP2), BIRC4 (xIAP), BIRC5 (survivin) and BIRC6.BIR domains belong to the zinc-finger domain family and characteristically have a number of invariant amino acid residues, including 3 conserved cysteines and one conserved histidine, which coordinate a zinc ion.  
DNA-binding protein RFX5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RFX5 gene.  
Crites is a surname.  
He was repatriated to Denmark on February 24, 2004.  
Brett Van Blankers (born April 11, 1987) is a Canadian racing driver from New Westminster, British Columbia.  
It was included on the album Just Supposin'.  
Blue Chip Economic Indicators is a monthly survey and associated publication by the Blue Chip Publications division of Aspen Publishers collecting macroeconomic forecasts related to the economy of the United States.  
It launched in April 2017 as a successor of the Huawei Honor 8 within the Huawei Honor series.  
Between 1964 and July 1965, he was the lead guitarist of an early rock band that would later become Pink Floyd.  
However, there are also a large number of tropical species with populations so small that they are thought not to maintain populations be breeding at the Houtman Abrolhos.  
Their absence was compounded by painfully slow pitches, particularly at Bridgetown, and Australia played 5 bowlers in all four Tests.  
While at first rejecting his overtures, Charlemagne bizarrely promises to assent to La Busse's request on that day when he meets the young man on an ass in a deserted country lane.  
It is endemic to California, where it can be found in the Santa Lucia Range and western sections of the Transverse Ranges.  
More Once is a 1994 album by the Latin jazz pianist Michel Camilo.  
Aleksey Dudukalo won the drivers' championship, driving a SEAT Leon Cup Racer, and Lukoil Racing Team won the teams' championship.  
Sitarganj is a city and a municipal board in Udham Singh Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.  
"The Bones Of Lazarus" is a reworking of an earlier live favorite, simply called "Lazarus", while two of the songs - "Chromatic Nightmare" and "Suck A Lemon" - were originally conceived for a themed 2010 performance known as "The Electric Lemoe.nade Acid Test".  
I toward the modernization of Ethiopia upon his accession as Emperor (King of Kings) on November 2, 1930, as well as before, beginning from the time he effectively controlled Ethiopia in 1916 as Regent Plenipotentiary, Ras Tafari.  
In 1995 it was listed on the Milan Stock Exchange.  
Jhankot Sign Language is a village sign language of the village of Jhankot in western Nepal.  
The museum opens Tuesday to Saturday all year round and from Easter to the end of September is also open on Sunday and Bank Holiday afternoons.  
The book tells the story of a minor poet, Cecil Valance, who is killed in the First World War.  
Alexander and Francis I of Austria were present in person; King Frederick William III of Prussia was represented by the crown prince (afterwards Frederick William IV).  
Measuring 6.2 on the Richter magnitude scale, the quake caused moderate damage all over the southern North Island.  
The Manchester Evening News would report the fact that Orange was attending a King Kong gig rather than focusing on the band themselves, much to the annoyance of the musicians.  
Whatchamacallit is a candy bar marketed in the United States by The Hershey Company.  
Standards based tests use holistic grading to establish scoring of a paper.  
Jamuovandu Ngatjizeko (born December 28, 1984 in Omaruru) is a Namibian football midfielder currently playing for African Stars.  
He received his B.S. and M.S. in Stanford University's Mechanical Engineering Department.  
Frank Zacharias Robin Goldsmith (born 20 January 1975) is a British politician and journalist serving as the Member of Parliament for Richmond Park since 2017, after previously holding the seat between 2010 and 2016.  
The discipline required to plan out each shot is a useful pedagogical technique.  
Viable Paradise is an annual one-week residential writing workshop held each autumn on the island of Martha's Vineyard in Massachusetts and is focused on speculative fiction.  
It turned out that Bradman had actually been dismissed for 89 and the MCG scorers hadn't updated his last two runs before his dismissal however the superstition remained.  
Some of the selections were apparently based on speculation.  
It discusses the activities of five agents, or "probationers" as they are referred to, Maurice Halperin, Duncan Chapin Lee, Bella Joseph, Franz Neumann, and Julius Joseph.  
Compared to microcode, another popular design technique, random logic offers faster execution of processor opcodes, provided that processor speeds are faster than memory speeds.  
Justin Rasolonomenjanahary is a Malagasy politician.  
Drake also sponsors teams in the Pioneer Football League, Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference, and Summit League.  
Ursula Martinez also known as Ursula Lea (born 1966) is a London-based Anglo-Spanish British writer, performer, and cult cabaret diva noted for her use of nudity and non-actors.  
John received his early education at Mr Mundell's school in Edinburgh and was admitted an advocate on 24 July 1753 at the age of twenty-seven.  
He graduated from the AFI Conservatory in 1984.  
It resides in the union counsel of jabboana earlier it was under coat murad.  
The Rolfes were third-generation residents of Concord; their grandfather was one of the town's early proprietors.  
A prequel series, Caprica, aired in 2010.  
It was a spin-off program from the popular motoring series Top Gear.  
The season started on 30 March 1985.  
All of these transactions require an improbable coincidence of wants and events.  
TV4 applied for a license to broadcast a film channel terrestrially in the autumn of 2003 and was granted a license in December.  
Kandireega (English: Wasp) is a Telugu romantic-action-comedy film directed by Santosh Srinivas and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions and released on 12 August 2011.  
She is a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.  
Switzerland competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.  
The Sinosol Group is an international project developer and provider of solar power plants, as well as a supplier of photovoltaic (PV) systems.  
For example, the rare Hose's civet, a viverrid endemic to northern Borneo, has partially webbed feet.  
The line is not always sharp, as a language may have specialized features for a particular domain but be applicable more broadly, or conversely may in principle be capable of broad application but in practice used primarily for a specific domain.  
The film was a remake of Kalathur Kannamma.  
The 6th Transportation Battalion is a transportation battalion of the United States Army first constituted in 1943.  
As Premiers for the NPL Northern NSW, Edgeworth Eagles qualified for the National Premier Leagues finals series, competing with the other state federation champions in a final knockout tournament to decide the National Premier Leagues Champion for 2016.  
There are two kindergarten levels, both aimed at preparing the girls for school, the first being similar to a playschool rather than emphasizing intellectual achievement.  
The majority of students are Maronite Catholics including some Melkite Catholics and Roman Catholics.  
In peacetime before and after the war she carried fruit and passengers; in US Navy service she supplied troops and ships in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II.  
Local marketing lies between these two levels and implies segmentation on a local level.  
It is an agreement to focus particularly on "the worldwide conditions that pose severe threats to the sustainable development of our people, which include: chronic hunger; malnutrition; foreign occupation; armed conflict; illicit drug problems; organized crime; corruption; natural disasters; illicit arms trafficking; trafficking in persons; terrorism; intolerance and incitement to racial, ethnic, religious and other hatreds; xenophobia; and endemic, communicable and chronic diseases, in particular HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis."  
This village falls under the Mananthavady Taluk.  
Pinson is an unincorporated community in Madison County, Tennessee.  
The show originally features ten contestants who must survive for seven days in an abandoned shopping center overrun by zombies set six months after exposure to "5G Wifi".  
It is common for large anti-fandoms to gather in groups, usually on forums and sites, to share their mutual aversion.  
Seventh Avenue is a six-part American television miniseries broadcast in 1977.  
The spotted box turtle (Terrapene nelsoni ) is a species of turtle in the family Emydidae.  
Following his retirement, he became a physiotherapist for Forest and later opened his own private practice.  
Harcourt Cemetery is a city-owned and operated public cemetery located along Aggrey Road in the Old Township district of Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital.  
Aeshna septentrionalis, the azure darner, is a species of darner in the family of dragonflies known as Aeshnidae.  
Stockholm Jazz Festival, established in 1980, is an annual jazz festival in Stockholm, Sweden.  
In 2006, the Royal Institution of Great Britain named it the best science book ever.  
Some were later transferred to the United Kingdom as part of the Second World War Lend-Lease pact between the two nations.  
Ta' Kenuna Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Kenuna) is a semaphore tower on the cliffs near Nadur on the island of Gozo, Malta.  
Newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst was an avid Morab breeder, and is credited with the creation of the breed name by coining the term, "Morab", as a combination of the names of the parent breeds.  
Most of Brunei's college students attend universities and other institutions abroad, but approximately 2,542 study at the University of Brunei Darussalam.  
He played high school football at Birmingham High School, where he and his older brother Kenny were the only African American students, and attended the University of California, Los Angeles.  
It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya and Rwanda.  
Next came the 7-inch 'Stars', and then "7x7" (composers Cotton/Dale/MacDonald), produced by David Creffield.  
Carving out a living as a factory worker, cabinet-maker, English teacher and transit bus driver, Vintar broke into the film business when he sold three original screenplays in the span of five months.  
The Yellow Rose of Texas is a 1944 American film directed by Joseph Kane.  
In 2004 the novel was shortlisted the Commonwealth Writers' Prize for the Asia/Pacific region (Best First Book) and One Book One Brisbane.  
Los Alamitos High School (also known as Los Al) is a public school for grades 9 to 12 located in Los Alamitos, California, and also serving the city of Seal Beach and the community of Rossmoor.  
The song was released on June 4, 2001 by DreamWorks Records.  
He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark.  
These fin rays are made of webbed skin and are attached to portions of the body that connect fins to the bones.  
Acton Town station was opened as Mill Hill Park on 1 July 1879 by the District Railway (DR, now the District line).  
The stadium, if built, would have replaced Goodison Park as Everton's home ground.  
Ellis attended Penistone Grammar School and is a graduate from Sheffield Hallam University in Architecture.  
Simon Butler was an important historical figure in the history of Chalfont, Pennsylvania during the 18th century.  
Vladimir Constantinescu (born 1895, died 1965) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II.  
Laura Elizabeth Carmichael (born 16 July 1986) is an English actress, most widely known for her performance as Lady Edith Crawley in the ITV (UK) and PBS (US) television period drama series Downton Abbey.  
Scottish Blackface is the most common breed of domestic sheep in the United Kingdom.  
"The Big Empty" continues the events of the previous episode, through the point-of-view of the show's initial three main characters: After the explosion of the Canterbury, former executive officer Jim Holden and his crew on the badly damaged space shuttle Knight try to survive with scarce air and supplies; Detective Miller continues his investigation of Julie Mao and deals with water rationing problems in Ceres Station; Deputy Undersecretary Chrisjen Avasarala continues her interrogation of imprisoned Outer Planets Alliance (OPA) member Heikki Sabong.  
During his father's presidency, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1989 to 1991 and represented Bongoville as a Deputy in the National Assembly from 1991 to 1999; subsequently he was Minister of Defense from 1999 to 2009.  
It was released on March 8, 1994 through Mercury Records and consisted of hip hop and contemporary R&B with Jellybean Benitez serving as the soundtrack's supervisor.  
After Chiwoo sees Uncle Wolbak attacked by soldiers, Chiwoo becomes a mangnani.  
Festung Norwegen (Fortress Norway) was the German term for the heavy defense and fortification system of Norway during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany in World War II.  
He was preceded by Paul R. Brown.  
LUX is also associated with circadian control of hypocotyl growth factor genes PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR 4 (PIF4) and PHYTOCHROME INTERACTING FACTOR 5 (PIF5).  
This article lists the team squads of the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.  
Michael Falkesgaard (born 9 April 1991) is a Filipino footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Bangkok United in the Thai League 1 and the Philippines national team.  
Others with higher-activity clays are classed as alisols or nitisols.  
They have recorded one self-titled album, released in 2010.  
Gwespyr is a village in Flintshire on the north coast of Wales.  
Blanc is the owner and chef at Le Manoir aux Quat' Saisons, a hotel-restaurant in Great Milton, Oxfordshire, England.  
Chong has been involved with Wing Chun for nearly 50 years.  
Super Smash Bros. Melee brought the game renewed attention.  
It is one of the most read women's magazines in the country and is the French edition of the British magazine Essentials.  
Helicopters were first used as aerial cranes in the 1950s, but it was not until the 1960s that their popularity in construction and other industries began to catch on.  
In addition to being an English & Drama teacher at a Catholic college on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, he is the artistic director of the Rough Hewn Theater Troupe, which calls the Star of the Sea Theater, Manly as its home.  
Within was released in October 1998 by Virgin Classics.  
Tommy Guerrero (born September 9, 1966) is an American professional skateboarder, company owner and musician.  
Kincardine and Deeside had been lost by the Conservatives to the Liberal Democrats in the last by-election of the parliament.  
They were affiliated with the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers and the franchise operated from 1955 through 1961.  
Khan, however, claimed that he was disqualified not for dishonesty, but for being unafraid to speak his mind.  
Currently he works at Jackson School of Geosciences of Austin, Texas.  
The home remained in the King family for one hundred years, before being sold outside the family.  
Michigan's leading rusher, De'Veon Smith, referred to Houma as a "coconut head."  
When Sultan Qaytbay discovered that he was the brother of his favorite concubine he was appointed dawadar, the protector of the Sultan's heir and the future Sultan, Muhammad.  
The EC-60043 is based on a U.S. model and is sold only on order.  
I (German: Heinrich, died 23 June 1018), known as Henry the Strong (German: Heinrich der Starke), was the Margrave of Austria from 994 to his death in 1018.  
It later became the basis for NetHack.  
Fit are a British pop group who had a number of hits in the early 1980s, including a UK No.1 (for three weeks) with their cover version of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" in 1982.  
WZCK-LD is a low-power digital television station in the Madison, Wisconsin area, and officially twin-licensed to both Madison and Middleton.  
Ramon Bloomberg (born 1972 in Sheffield, England) is a writer and film maker based in London.  
Senegal competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011.  
It was written by Ontrack, a company later acquired by Kroll Inc. Installation covered different aspects: explaining personal computer hardware concepts documenting switches of many of the existing disks putting into place custom device drivers which circumvented BIOS limitations, notably those related to maximum disk or partition size and logical block addressing providing testing and informational utilitiesDrivers could be either DOS-type, or replacement master boot record code.  
In October 2007 he was called up to the Algerian military national team.  
Tigranella mirabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
Talashe Haq is a 1935 Indian film directed by C. M. Luhar.  
It contains the single species Orcynia calcarata, which is found in the Amazon region, including French Guiana.  
The book refers to Muhammad Ali Jinnah's 11th August Speech as evidence of his commitment to secularism even after championing a Muslim cause and winning a separate country on its basis.  
A hollow organ is an internal organ that forms a hollow tube, or pouch such as the stomach, intestine, or bladder.  
Fires prevent the buildup of vegetation and allow sun to reach smaller plants, such as the sedge.  
Adults are light grayish or cream in color.  
Spiegel is an American direct marketing and catalog company.  
As a publisher, FantaCo was known for its idiosyncratic line-up of mostly black-and-white titles, including the humorous Hembeck Series and the horror title Gore Shriek.  
Ecotins are dimeric periplasmic proteins from Escherichia coli and related Gram-negative bacteria that have been shown to be potent inhibitors of many trypsin-fold serine proteases of widely varying substrate specificity, which belong to MEROPS peptidase family S1.  
Galfar employs over 23,000 workers, only in Oman, with more than 7,000 different kinds of plant and equipment.  
Gary Bias is an American saxophonist, flutist and composer.  
He played in the National Professional Soccer League, USL A-League, USL Premier Development League, and Canadian Professional Soccer League.  
Brining is also similar to curing, except that curing usually involves significantly drying the food, and is done over a much longer time period.  
Rachael Pringle Polgreen (1753-1791) was a Afro-Barbadian hotelier and brothel owner.  
The album was released to celebrate 5th anniversary of their debut.  
Their first recording, Franny Franny, released as "The Ebb Tides", was the result of meeting talent scout Murray Jacobs in 1957 and was widely played by Alan Freed.  
Prodiodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.  
Rubus biformispinus, the pasture dewberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.  
However, while affiliate programs provide incentives in the form of money or products, evangelist customers spread their recommendations and recruit new customers out of pure belief, not for the receipt of goods or money.  
The altostratus velum cloud appears dark in comparison to its parent cloud, and can persist even after the cumulonimbus has disintegrated.  
The Association of Amateur Heralds successfully applied for a registration of Armorial Bearings with the South African Bureau of Heraldry in 2002 with a certificate being issued on 16 January of that year.  
The Rojava conflict, also known as the Rojava revolution, is a political upheaval and military conflict taking place in Northern Syria, known among Kurdish nationalists as Western Kurdistan or Rojava.  
It was created on 24 January 1924 for Sir John Mellor, Director of Prudential Assurance Company.  
These included England Young Cricketers (1989), Cumberland (1993), Yorkshire Second XI (1988-1992), Worcestershire Second XI (1993), MCC Schools (1986), National Cricket Association Young Cricketers (1986), National Association of Young Cricketers North (1987), National Association of Young Cricketers (1989) and Marylebone Cricket Club (1994).  
It has 1,600 parking spaces, making it by far the largest parking lot in the SEPTA system.  
Others are exempt from VAT or outside the system altogether.  
These hits topped the Dutch Top 40 in 1995 (see 1995 in music).  
Baptism of Christ is a tempera on panel painting by Giovanni Bellini, dating to 1500-1502 and now in the chiesa di Santa Corona in Vicenza.  
Joseph Enterprises, Inc is a gadget company which is owned by Joseph Pedott and based in San Francisco, California, United States, North America.  
On June 10, 2010, at least 19 people were killed in the Mexican state of Chihuahua in shooting attacks due to an ongoing drug war.  
Finally, the Lychniscosa, with the most tightly interlocking spicules is first found in rocks of Triassic age.  
He is a fast bowler, and best known for a remarkable opening bowling partnership along with fellow West Indian Curtly Ambrose for several years.  
The upper levels were taken over in fall 1997 as studios for the newly launched independent TV station VTV.  
Myrmosleichus is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.  
Also, a single species is reported from Hawaii.  
WSEZ broadcasts an Oldies format and is owned by Diamond Shores Broadcasting, LLC.  
The decision caused a political crisis in India that led to the imposition of a state of emergency by Gandhi's government from 1975 to 1977.  
Jangas District is one of twelve districts of the province Huaraz in Peru.  
William George Zane Jr. (born February 24, 1966) is an American actor and producer.  
The famous Walker brothers make their first appearances in senior cricket and the rare dismissal of hit the ball twice was first recorded.  
They are designated by the Federal Act to Promote Research and Innovation to promote research together with the Swiss National Science Foundation.  
The music video was directed by Greko Sklavounos.  
100, 000/- (Sri Lankan Rupees) for anyone who could demonstrate supernatural or miraculous powers under fool-proof and fraud-proof conditions.  
It is a 68 jig, performed to a tune Mrs McMillan's Quadrille.  
The Ballinhassig Garda station is also located in the village.  
The Modern Literal Version (MLV) is a Modern English translation of the New Testament of the Bible, originally translated in 1987, and updated regularly since then.  
The sound is so thick that there is probably only one microphone.  
The album is divided into three EPs, with each part consisting of five songs and a separate lead single.  
This list consists of and is limited to very common breakfast beverages that have been denoted as such in various cultures and societies.  
As of 2008 the State Government has ruled out the project due to cost concerns.  
FWCS is divided into several departments, including Technology, Transportation, Academic Services, Continuing Education, Nutrition Services, and Public Affairs.  
The standard of proof is that the unlawful killing must be beyond reasonable doubt.  
The 5th Regiment California Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.  
He is a Professor at Griffith University teaching creative writing.  
His Majesty's Dragon, published in the UK as Temeraire, is the first novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik.  
Dasypogonaceae is a family of flowering plants.  
More of the Best of Bill Cosby (1970) is the 13th album by Bill Cosby.  
Inaugurated in 1974, the event currently offers a purse of US$400,000.  
Lagnieu has four hamlets which are: Chanves, Charveyron, Posafol and Proulieu.  
There are indications that the settlement had been there as early as the beginning of the 14th century while its existence is certified from the mid-15th century.  
His debut was Private in 2004.  
The pair of cemeteries was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a single listing in 1974.  
After spending the 1993 season in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) playing for Norwood, Ahmat received a lifeline from Sydney, who recruited him with the first pick of the 1993 Mid-Season Draft.  
Southfork is a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa.  
The members of the 20th Alberta Legislative Assembly were elected in the general election held on November 2, 1982.  
Rickey Young (born December 7, 1953 in Mobile, Alabama) is a former American football running back who played nine seasons in the NFL.  
Ganda is a town and municipality in Benguela Province in Angola.  
The original production starred Venkatesh Harinathan, who also translated the play.  
The 1970 season of the World Championship Tennis (WCT) circuit was one of the two rival professional male tennis circuits of 1970.  
Prior to it he participated at the 2013 IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships where his team got a bronze medal.  
This album was also reissued on the Jazzland label as Double Trumpet Doings.  
The release of Ultima Online: Kingdom Reborn in 2007 brought a new game engine with upgraded visuals.  
She became the first member of the Big Brother jury house that season.  
Professor B N Pandey is the Principal incharge of the College.  
The second building held the superintendent's apartment and housed the boys.  
She competed in the Australian Open 6 times, from 1987 to 1993.  
Before being launched, the satellite was known as TerreStar-2, a ground spare for TerreStar Networks' satellite-terrestrial telephone network..  
These pieces do not go inside the mouth, but rather are the parts of a bit that are outside the mouth, where the bridle and reins attach.  
After the song was recorded, it was slowed by one-third, giving the desired and unusual effect, also making the voice more masculine.  
He played 128 games in the World Hockey Association with the Indianapolis Racers and Cleveland Crusaders.  
Janet ran the label and Dave made the records.  
The men's heavyweight event was part of the weightlifting program at the 1932 Summer Olympics.  
The enrollment for the 2009-2010 school year is approximately 2,000 students.  
It does not include references to the many dozens of derivative female characters called "Lilith" in comics, video games, cartoons, supernatural films, TV series, and so on.  
It was formed by Jeff Spitaleri, his brother Eric, and a third member, Cory Trapp, all from the Canton, Ohio area.  
Four of Ellis's works have been made into films.  
The episode is divided into three segments corresponding to each Belcher child's report: Louise's (Kristen Schaal), a Terminator-inspired science fiction story; Gene's (Eugene Mirman), a musical act parodying Rock 'n' Roll High School; and Tina's (Dan Mintz), a piece of zombie "friend fiction" which pays homage to Night of the Living Dead.  
Tord Filipsson (born 7 May 1950) is a Swedish former cyclist.  
Manix Auriantal (born August 8, 1981) is a Rwandan-Canadian retired professional basketball player and is now actively dedicated to the next generation of Canadian athletes.  
David Obernosterer (born 30 May 1989) is a male badminton player from Austria.  
The show moved back to its original location of Elstree Studios, which was used during the show's first five series, but still used the same layout as introduced in last series.  
This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United States during 2001.  
Venkatapuram is a 2017 Telugu crime thriller film claimed to be based on true events.  
Anthony-Noel Kelly (born 1956) is a British artist who was found guilty of the theft of body parts from the Royal College of Surgeons, which he had used to make molds for sculptures.  
Its design director is Nick Talbot.  
It is tightly packed but contains about 57 stars.  
Downtown is bound by the Back Bay, North End, Beacon Hill, and the South End areas.  
Reduction of the carrier level permits higher power levels in the sidebands than would be possible with conventional AM transmission.  
The 1998 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.  
The movie was filmed around Clogherhead, County Louth and in the Powerscourt Estate in Enniskerry, County Wicklow.  
Smit is a Dutch occupational surname.  
Last Dickens is a novel by Matthew Pearl published by Random House.  
As NBC thought that masturbation was not a topic suitable for prime time television, the word "masturbation" is never used in the episode.  
The fruit is an achene about half a centimeter long which is likely dispersed by birds and small mammals that collect them for food.  
T.P. Wiseman finds it likely that Cincius wrote "a Pausanias-like guide to the antiquities of the Capitol (if not the whole city)," including a collection of old inscriptions, and makes a jurist of him as well with a work De officio iurisconsulti.  
On May 2, 2017 an involuntary petition under Chapter 7 of the US Bankruptcy Code was filed against Central Grocers, Inc Parent company of SVT, LLC.  
The story follows the historical events that made her the last Duchess of independent Brittany and twice-crowned queen of France.  
Dupadu is a major village in Tripuranthakam mandal, Prakasam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.  
Nangalkot Union is an union, the smallest administrative body of Bangladesh, located in Nangalkot Upazila, Comilla District, Bangladesh.  
The presenter is Sara Cox and the expert judges are Kate Malone and Keith Brymer Jones.  
Article 370 of the Indian constitution is an article that gives autonomous status to the state of Jammu and Kashmir.  
He won his second Gray Cup with them in 1949, his "terrific" punting being a key to victory.  
Sphingomonas pruni is a bacterium from the genus of Sphingomonas which has been isolated from the roots of the tree Prunus persica in Japan .  
HMS Fearless (L10) was a Royal Navy ship that served from 1965 until 2002.  
In the decades that followed World War II, there was much less unemployment in the UK and throughout the industrialized world, due in part to the Keynesian revolution.  
He played at representative level for Scotland, including in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup, and at club level for Heworth A.R.L.F.C., Leeds Rhinos (academy), Hull F.C. (loan), Sheffield Eagles, Dewsbury Rams, and York City Knights (captain), as a stand-off, or scrum-half, he retired from rugby league in October 2008.  
Translation award and Information technology in Tamil award were added on subsequently.  
A copy of the portrait also hangs in the Kings Apartments at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.  
It followed America a Prophecy of 1793.  
This area combines 19th century residential scale buildings with a tree-lined narrow street, country church, weathered headstones, Victorian Gothic railroad station, and a brick cast-iron front commercial structure, to create an atmosphere that evokes the era when the station served as the gateway to Rockville.  
After Lesher's death, Lesher Newspapers, Inc. sold the paper to U.S. Media, which then sold it to Pacific Sierra Publishing.  
Much of Prism revolves around the themes of living in the present, relationships, and self-empowerment.  
Eric Pleskow (born April 24, 1924 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian film producer and the former president of the movie studios United Artists and Orion Pictures.  
Reinmar is a German masculine given name.  
The 2008 Ohio Democratic primary took place on March 4, 2008 and was open to anyone requesting a Democratic party ballot.  
Thus one finds brass instruments made of wood, like the alphorn, the cornett, the serpent and the didgeridoo, while some woodwind instruments are made of brass, like the saxophone.  
It was released in April 1995 as the third and final single from his album Country 'til I Die.  
1848 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 7, 1848, as part of the 1848 United States presidential election.  
Its English name refers to its dull olive upperparts.  
Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey.  
Shankar Sampingiraj (born 14 December 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who currently plays primarily as a defensive midfielder for Bengaluru FC in the I-League.  
The Congress of the People was a gathering held in Kliptown on 26 June 1955 to lay out the vision of the South African people.  
Stating that its uninterrupted playlists are handmade by music experts and many of them are updated weekly, the service will recommend its users on various playlists mainly based on mood or activity.  
She performed in concert and at women's music festivals, including the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival.  
Andrew John Southcott (born 15 October 1967) is an Australian politician and medical practitioner.  
James Lang (born 4 April 1995) is a Scotland international rugby union player.  
Madame Xanadu is a comic book mystic published by DC Comics.  
Dulce Domum' means 'Sweet Home'.  
The Metropolitan State Hospital was an American public hospital for the mentally ill, on grounds that extended across parts of Waltham, Lexington, and Belmont, Massachusetts.  
Based in Great Bend and Barton County, Kansas, the Rebels were one of the thirteen founding member corps of Drum Corps International.  
It is bounded by the Park Street and Fruitvale Bridges, which connect Oakland to the City of Alameda.  
His agency is the first Arizona advertising agency to win at the Clio Awards.  
It has been known to encourage artistic and musical pursuits for youths.  
Burki was born and lives in Peshawar, Pakistan.  
Philip Martin Brown (born 9 July 1956) is an English actor, born in Manchester, Lancashire.  
For many applications however, the products are inserted into the carton manually.  
Nawngbamu is a village in Homalin Township, Hkamti District, in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.  
This crayfish is known from two caves, Hell Creek Cave and Nesbitt Spring Cave.  
Greg Hecht is an American politician, a member of the Democratic Party, and a former member of the Georgia General Assembly in the U.S. state of Georgia.  
The canton of Creil is an administrative division of the Oise department, northern France.  
Phaea acromela is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
He played college football at Oregon State, and was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft.  
This means that the inner layers have been stretched to a point where the steel is no longer able to return to its original shape once the internal pressure has been removed.  
They have also won three Minor County Championships, 2007, 2008 and 2014.  
It was released on February 7, 1942.  
Zahoor is both a given name and a surname.  
The Last Broadcast garnered critical acclaim upon its release, and was a shortlist nominee for the Mercury Prize in 2002.  
The film launched Sternberg's eight-year collaboration with Paramount Pictures, with whom he would produce his seven films with actress Marlene Dietrich.  
The stadium also hosts the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame drum and bugle corps competition.  
It garnered a viewership of 12.7 million people and received positive reviews.  
Cush is a dish that became popular following the Slave Trade.  
Carton was born in Baltimore on August 25, 1930.  
Bembidion constrictum is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae.  
The National High Magnetic Field Laboratory is a three-campus user facility, home to six user programs in physics, chemistry and biology, and a world leader in the study of high magnetic fields.  
Mahape is a suburb of Navi Mumbai located near Ghansoli.  
It established awards in numerous categories, ranging from design, to acting, to overall production.  
She is the treasurer of the Manzanar Committee, an NGO which promotes education about the World War II incarceration of Japanese-Americans.  
The remains of the fort, now little more than its earthworks, are part of a state-owned and town-maintained park.  
Gertrude Hawk manufactures Frangos, and inclusions for several companies such as Ben and Jerry's and Turkey Hill Dairy.  
The absence of such a grade before a name on the list should not be assumed to mean the burgess was not a militia officer at some time in his life.  
In 1974, Pure Funk had changed its name to Roadmaster.  
Next Door's Baby is a musical with music and lyrics by Matthew Strachan and book by Bernie Gaughan (whose novels are published under the name Bernadette Strachan), based on Gaughan's radio play of the same name.  
Tong beat Tetaua Taitai of the United Coalition Party and Rimeta Beniamina of the Maurin Kiribati Party with a little over 42% of the vote.  
The notion is echoed by other contemporary films, such as a rapid series of three contemporary Lone Ranger films.  
Davallodes, Humata, and Wibelia have species in cultivation as well.  
Although widely believed to have been made to cash in on the success of the similarly themed Gremlins (which is also owned by Warner Bros.), director Stephen Herek has refuted this in interviews, pointing out that the first Critters script was written by Domonic Muir long before Gremlins went into production and subsequently underwent rewrites to reduce the apparent similarities between the two films.  
Pippin is a website providing information on the different cultivars of apple, cherry and plums.  
It was a much-anticipated release, as Embrace had not released any new material for three years.  
The 148th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Southeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2013 by Mary Jo Daley.  
Michael Landon, the Father I Knew is an American made-for-television biographical drama film directed by Michael Landon Jr. documenting his privileged, but often troubled, childhood as the son of beloved television actor, writer and director, Michael Landon.  
It was built in the International Style along with traditional Jerusalem motifs such as half arcs over the entrances and outside staircases.  
The Euphrates jerboa's natural habitats are semi-deserts, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and hot deserts.  
He had filed the appeal under that name while representing himself.  
It is near Bharalumukh and has a beautiful view of the hill side.  
His radio comedy series Hut 33 about Bletchley Park boffins, starring Robert Bathurst and Olivia Colman, ran for three series.  
The entire series is now available for purchase on the iTunes Store.  
HMS Sedgemoor was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy, launched at Chatham Dockyard in 1687.Sedgemoor was driven ashore and wrecked at South Foreland, Kent on 2 January 1689.  
The 1913 Washington and Lee Generals football team represented the Washington and Lee Generals of Washington and Lee during the 1913 college football season.  
Royal Air Force Halton or more simply RAF Halton is one of the largest Royal Air Force stations in the United Kingdom, located near the village of Halton near Wendover, Buckinghamshire.  
Alternatively, the rear seats could be removed entirely to provide more space.  
Mateship is an Australian cultural idiom that embodies equality, loyalty and friendship, usually among men.  
The new station consisted of two flanking wooden platform linked by an overbridge, access to which was gained through the booking office, set at road level adjacent to the main road through, and linking the villages.  
Westgarth railway station is located on the Hurstbridge line, in Victoria, Australia.  
The National Cartoonists Society (NCS) is an organization of professional cartoonists in the United States.  
WREZ is owned by Withers Broadcasting.  
These methods are mainly classified onto engineering and non-engineering methods.  
As indicated by the cover of the album, it was limited to a pressing of 500,000 copies.  
Westbourne Terrace Road runs between Blomfield Road in the north and Westbourne Bridge in the south.  
From 1933 the Europa brand of cheap imported petrol from the Soviet Union was sold through a chain of service stations across the country, in association with the New Zealand Farmer's Union and various regional Automobile Associations.  
In addition, cross-cultural psychology can be distinguished from international psychology which centers around the global expansion of psychology especially during recent decades.  
This is a list of elected members of the Australian Capital Territory Advisory Council from its creation in 1930 until its replacement by the Australian Capital Territory House of Assembly in 1974.  
He is known to have been from the Carmarthenshire area, where his father was a farmer.  
The village is located on the banks of the river Moselle.  
It is found in boreal forests of North America north to the tree line, and in the Rocky Mountains subalpine zone south to New Mexico and Arizona.  
West Coast jazz refers to styles of jazz that developed in Los Angeles and San Francisco during the 1950s.  
The Butterfly LLC was an American aircraft manufacturer specializing in homebuilt gyroplanes.  
Each class is divided into six units, each composed of three to six students.  
The series was produced by Philip Dalkin and Kris Noble, directed by Pino Amenta, David Cameron, Philip Dalkin and written by Elizabeth Coleman, Philip Dalkin and Anthony Morris.  
The station was opened in 1941 along with the Penfield line.  
It doesn't matter which library is used to access file FNF001.  
Greenberg was shot through the face and another man, John Sweeney, was killed.  
The Faulkner House is now being preserved under its stewardship.  
Aman Kumar Verma (born 3 January 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Southern League Premier Central side Tamworth, where he plays as a midfielder.  
Ithycythara penelope is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.  
Fighting Falcon are fully featured and modeled.  
Coast Salish peoples associate the rock with A'yahos, a "malevolent and dangerous" spirit, capable of shapeshifting, who sometimes appears in a two-headed serpent form, who is associated with other earthquake-related areas like landslides near the Seattle Fault.  
The station was opened in 1878; and closed on 10 August 1959 for passengers and 2 November 1987 for goods traffic.  
Past celebrity sponsors have included Blackalicious, Charles Brown, Cake, Tracy Chapman, Les Claypool, The Doobie Brothers, Green Day, John Lee Hooker, Metallica, Rancid, Carlos Santana and The Donnas.  
Eric Thomas, Vice-Chancellor of Bristol University has criticized it because of the way in which it makes people view British higher education through an Oxbridge prism.  
He has been involved in the cooperative world.  
The population was 1373 at the 2010 census.  
Barrow, Hepburn & Gale, founded in 1760 as Hepburn and Gale and after 1920 as Barrow Hepburn and Gale, is a British luxury leather goods manufacturer best known as the producer of the Despatch Boxes used by the Government of the United Kingdom.  
He won another award for editorials in 2011.Layton is also an active community member, involving himself in securing funding for a helicopter for the Edmonton Police Service.  
A device or program used to generate keys is called a key generator or keygen.  
Joseph Culp (born January 9, 1963) is an American actor and director.  
Urt is a railway station in Urt, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France.  
The island attracts a small number of visitors each year, mainly game fishermen and bird enthusiasts.  
Macon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois.  
Queensberry took part in a tour of Europe as the opening act of the Doll Domination Tour with the Pussycat Dolls and Lady Gaga that started on 9 February 2009 and ended on 23 February 23, 2009.  
The Regimental Medical Officer, who risked his life to attend to those who had been wounded and to rescue two badly injured men caught out in the open, was awarded the MBE for gallantry.  
All these figures were well above the national average.  
Unfortunately, when he returned home and tried to make a living selling hammocks, he ended up in huge debt.  
If no candidate had an absolute majority on the first ballot, the top two candidates participated in a run-off election several weeks after the first ballot.  
Fred P. Graham (born October 6, 1931) served as chief anchor and managing editor of the former Court TV.  
The story was published during the Cold War, and serves as an allegory to the nuclear arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union.  
In December 2017, three months after the election, Morgan resigned as leader and the party's deputy leader Geoff Simmons and two candidates also stepped down from their roles.  
Newton is home to a large coal-fired power plant and is close to Newton Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area.  
The following is a sortable list of films produced in Italy in 1962.  
In 1936, he created the comic Biffen och Bananen for the magazine Folket i Bild.  
They are constructed from flat sticks arrayed like spokes of a wheel, with a nail at the axis.  
It also simplifies the administrative oversight of the properties by the federal government.  
The content up to 1234 or 1235 is primarily based on Flores Historiarum by Roger of Wendover (d. 1236), with additions; after that date the material is Paris's own, written in his own hand from the entry for 1213 onward.  
The economy is based on a mixture of agriculture and industry.  
The Queen Elizabeth Hospital Charity exists to support medical and health research, and to encourage excellence in healthcare for patients and their carers, wholly or mainly through the services provided by University Hospital Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust.  
By the late 1950s, although immune from annexation by the bigger cities, the most recent suit by the City of Norfolk against Norfolk County would have taken all of the county land adjoining South Norfolk.  
Sheep operated the station until his death in 1957.  
The winners may have to compete in later stages or rounds until there is just one winner.  
Tucker is an outspoken advocate of net neutrality, and her upcoming film, The Truth About Business (currently in pre-production) explores the issue through the lens of romantic comedy.  
Clubs of Good Government is a grassroots organization within The People of Freedom, a political party in Italy.  
Darren Elias (born November 18, 1986) is an American professional poker player who holds the record for most World Poker Tour titles with four.  
He co-founded the band with Jeff Hanneman in 1981 and has been a member ever since.  
He served as the principal secretary to three chief ministers of Haryana and is a former secretary at the ministries of Tourism, Civil Aviation and Agriculture.  
John Tucker was an English slave trader for the Royal African Company from London, England.  
Crouch End is an area of North London, approximately 5 miles from the City of London in the western half of the borough of Haringey.  
It is a controversial practice however, since depletion may be already factored into accounting for the extraction industries and the accounting for externalities may be arbitrary.  
Handscapes 2 is an album by The Piano Choir featuring Ron Burton, Stanley Cowell, Nat Jones, Hugh Lawson, Webster Lewis, Harold Mabern, and Sonelius Smith recorded in 1974 and first released on the Strata-East label.  
In 1992, a new team using the name Orlando Lions entered the USISL.  
The Arkham Sampler published fiction, poetry, reviews, letters, articles and bibliographic data.  
It is currently the third ranked championship in FIP, where it is contested for in their tag team division.  
Valient Thorr is an American Southern rock/heavy metal band from Greenville, North Carolina.  
It contains 75 buildings.  
Succulents are often grown as ornamental plants because of their striking and unusual appearance.  
Fxguide, trademarked as fxguide, is a visual effects and post-production community website founded by three visual effects artists, Jeff Heusser, John Montgomery, and Mike Seymour.  
Anguillara is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Piazza Giuseppe Gioachino Belli to Lungotevere degli Alberteschi in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Trastevere.  
It is approximately 3 miles (4.8 kilometers) north of the county seat, Santa Ana.  
He is patron saint of Rieti.  
There are many ways in which data is converted within the computer environment.  
Highfield is regarded to be where the fight for the liberation struggle began.  
It is the most commonly encountered member of the genus Blissus, which are all known as chinch bugs.  
There is a right of appeal from the Supreme Court of Mauritius directly to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London.  
They served through the Korean War and several served in foreign navies.  
Edwin Maka (born 25 February 1993) is a New Zealand-born Tongan rugby union player.  
Angelou added a scene between Maya and Uncle Willie after the Joe Louis fight.  
Broadhalfpenny Down was abandoned in favor of Windmill Down and the earliest known mention of cricket in Lancashire has been found.  
It was one of five public universities in the state of Texas to make the list.  
The species of lizards had its scientific name changed recently from Anolis stratulus to Ctenonotus stratulus according to Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS).  
Rekitha Rajendra Kurup (born May 23, 1989) better known by her stagename Bhama, is an Indian film actress who has mainly appeared in Malayalam and Kannada language films.  
Devil Goddess (1955) was the last entry in the series, as well as being Weissmuller's last feature film.  
Other names used for this line include Mazda Bravo (Australia), Mazda Bounty (New Zealand), Mazda Magnum/Thunder/Fighter (Thailand), and Mazda Drifter (South Africa).  
Williams is an alumnus of North Dakota State University and Valley City State University and is a retired educator.  
Indra Sahdan bin Daud (born 5 March 1979) is a former Singapore international footballer who currently plays for Eunos Crescent as a forward .He previously played for S.League clubs Geylang United, Home United, Sengkang Punggol and Singapore Armed Forces.  
It was later converted to an assisted living facility.  
Physopyga is a genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae found in Papua New Guinea.  
She began her career writing for Not the Nine O'Clock News whilst still a student at University of Sussex.  
The first gold medal at the Winter Games was earned by Sjoukje Dijkstra in ladies' figure skating at the 1964 Winter Olympics.  
Kelbke is a small river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.  
Seattle Youth Symphony Orchestras (SYSO) is the largest youth symphony organization in the United States, the eighth oldest.  
Lane died October 9, 1901 in Philadelphia.  
William Mann was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1625.  
The competition has been played since 1987.  
This was only the second time in recorded history that a tornado struck Manila, the capital of the Philippines.  
The title "Royal" was granted by her Majesty Queen Victoria in 1880 and the Society became known by its present designation.  
Esalen was founded by Stanford graduates Michael Murphy and Dick Price in 1962.  
It is also known as Posta Kenya.  
While most of the duo's songs were both written and programmed by both Yashiki and Wiltshire, only Yashiki played other instruments on the tracks, including bass, guitar and drums.  
Scrobipalpa swakopi is a moth in the family Gelechiidae.  
She is best known for playing the role of Josie McFarlane in BBC's EastEnders, but she has also appeared in other television programs, since the mid-1950s.  
The verdict for that trial is scheduled to be delivered in September 2018.  
It supports compiling from various markup languages, including Markdown, Textile, and Haml.  
Private Life is a 2018 American drama film written and directed by Tamara Jenkins.  
He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Harwich and North Essex since the 2010 general election.  
Previously, players received a one match ban if they picked up two yellow cards within the group stage or within the knockout stage.  
Since his retirement, he has established himself as Australia's track and field commentator working with Channel 7 and SBS as well as various radio stations.  
Ashue is an unincorporated community in Yakima County, Washington, United States, located approximately two mile southwest of Wapato.  
Wendell B. Harris Jr. (born March 5, 1954), is a Juilliard- and Interlochen-trained American filmmaker and actor.  
If the logical progression of a prop changes during shooting, the props breakdown is revised to reflect the change.  
He arrived on the inter-county scene as a member of the minor team before later joining the under-21 side.  
He is the second actor to have been nominated in both categories in the same year, after Al Pacino.  
Headquarters of this block is at Mothabari.  
He transferred to Leicester City in February 1990.  
The sloop, Commander William B. Shubrick in command, got underway for the Caribbean on 9 July 1829 and operated in the West Indies and along the Atlantic Coast until she decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia on 24 August 1831 and was placed in ordinary.  
WBHR is a sports talk radio station broadcasting on 660 kHz serving the St. Cloud area of Minnesota.  
As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,929 and it contained 1,713 housing units.  
It is endemic to the Mariana Islands and Guam.  
The Petra papyri, also known as the Petra archive, is a corpus of papyrus documents written in Greek and dating to the sixth century AD that were discovered in the Byzantine church at Petra in 1993.  
Anthony O'Garro (born October 8, 1987 in Chaguanas) is a Trinidadian footballer.  
They were spoken by 4,400 people in 2010.  
The 1975 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1975 NCAA Division I football season.  
Other dynasties of the Old Kingdom include the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth.  
As of 2011, Lake Michigan Credit Union has 36 locations throughout the state of Michigan.  
Parliament is the law-making body of Namibia's legislature.  
It is the band's first album without founding member Dave Brockie, who portrayed Oderus Urungus, due to his death on March 23, 2014.  
By the same time, she got married to Dara Singh's son Vindu Dara Singh.  
Born in Burlington, Vermont, United States, Honsinger was given music lessons from a very early age, as his mother had hopes of creating a chamber orchestra together with his brother and sister.  
He argued that the telephone was created originally for the hearing impaired but it became popularized by the hearing community.  
The city-state of Athens, which became a significant cultural, political, and military power during this period, was its center, where it was institutionalized as part of a festival called the Dionysia, which honored the god Dionysus.  
Kinetika is adopting a theme over the next five years that explores cities of the future with young people across the UK and beyond.  
In 2004 he was named by Government Technology in a list of the twenty-five Top Chief Information Officers in the public sector.  
He recently signed a lucrative sponsorship deal with 2 Da Hole Apparel.  
Ardon is a former townsite and unincorporated community in Muscatine County, Iowa, United States.  
Richmond Hill is an ecumenical fellowship, residence and urban retreat center.  
Parliamentary elections were held in Portugal on 9 July 1871.  
The Mughal-Rajput War was between the forces of the Timurid ruler Babur and the head of the Rajput confederacy Rana Sanga.  
In 1996, she released Sisters of Avalon, and an original album of Christmas songs, Merry Christmas...Have a Nice Life in 1998.  
It was primarily used for ice hockey as the home arena for HC Dynamo Moscow until the year 2000, in which the club moved to Luzhniki Small Sports Arena.  
The Cabinet of Algeria is the chief executive body of the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria.  
Members comprise the elite of San Fernando City, who host the dance which opens the annual the fiesta celebrations that culminate on May 30.  
The episode received generally positive reviews and was seen by 2.56 million overall households, according to Nielsen Media Research.  
Sue Meredith (born August 16, 1946 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American politician.  
The setlist of Napalm Death's Kilburn Club performance is focused on songs of their Scum (1987) and From Enslavement to Obliteration (1988) albums.  
Thatcheria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Raphitomidae.  
The 16th Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 26 June - 13 July 1930 in Moscow.  
The chassis was a copy of a Formula Two Cooper, fitted with a flat-four engine devised by Archie Butterworth.  
Material may be stored because individuals shared specific genes and phenotypes that may be of value or have potential value for researchers or breeders.  
Although there is little or no trace of it to be found today Hook once had a worldwide reputation as a mining village.  
Prior to his elevation to the Bench, he served as a consultant in the litigation of Canadian thalidomide children seeking compensation from the drug company that produced the drug.  
What causes this change in the soils is not clear.  
Conor Mark Chaplin (born 16 February 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays for Portsmouth of the EFL League One as a striker or Winger.  
The group's discography comprises seven studio albums (which includes 1 Christmas album) and 19 singles, not counting guest appearances or digital-only releases.  
The SPACETRACK program represents a worldwide Space Surveillance Network (SSN) of dedicated, collateral, and contributing electro-optical, passive radio frequency (RF) and radar sensors.  
Some appointees outside the executive branch are called czars as well.  
The club is the leading organization in Canada devoted to climbing, mountain culture, and issues related to alpine pursuits and ecology.  
Each of the ten member-countries organized in their national governing bodies.  
Originally a single track station, the line was doubled in 1939 and a second platform built; it reverted to its current status in 1969 when the line was reduced to single track once more.  
It is considered as a failed operation by many cricket critics.  
Monsanto's roles in agricultural changes, biotechnology products and lobbying of government agencies and roots as a chemical company resulted in controversies.  
He has also published two humor books entitled What Pooh Might Have Said to Dante (2012) and If Research Were Romance and other Implausible Conjectures (2013), compiling book reviews originally written by him for the Goodreads.com social website.  
JDS Hatsuyuki (DD-122) was the lead ship of the Hatsuyuki-class destroyers.  
It was the first time a lottery system had been used to select men for military service since 1942.  
Kelantan won the title and was promoted to Liga Perdana 1 alongside Malacca.  
Prince is a Bollywood film.  
Social y Deportivo Dorados de Sinaloa Premier is affiliated with Dorados de Sinaloa who plays in the Ascenso MX.  
It is mentioned in the stories of "B.B." Watkins-Pitchford.  
On 21 February 2013, Maharaja Harendra Kishore District Public Library Resource Center was established as an initiative of Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation's Gates Global Library Project by the state government of Bihar with the help of Digital Empowerment Foundation.  
The men's flyweight event was part of the boxing program at the 1928 Summer Olympics.  
The earliest-known recipe was in Mrs Rundell's A New System of Domestic Cookery in 1806.The name bubble and squeak is used primarily in England (for Scotland and Ireland see the section Similar dishes), and it may also be understood in parts of some other Commonwealth countries and the United States.  
Ward 4 LLC privately funds a space in Milwaukee, Wisconsin for startup accelerators and co-working.  
The Chief is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Charles Reisner and written by Arthur Caesar and Robert E. Hopkins.  
The band created a unique blend of rock, jazz, folk, classical, and world-beat styles during the initial seven years it was officially together.  
Eilema prabhasana is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.  
The facility comprised several kiddie rides, a seal tank, souvenir shops, entertainments such as a spin art concession, and a 6,000-car parking lot.  
It was established by William Burns Paterson in the early part of 1870.  
In one widely quoted remark, he described Jesus as an "Aryan fighter" who struggled against "the power and pretensions of the corrupt Pharisees" and Jewish materialism.  
He has previously played in the NHL for the Anaheim Ducks, Edmonton Oilers, and New Jersey Devils.  
Tasman is classified as a rural local government area and has a population of 2,372, the region covers both the Tasman and Forestier peninsulas, with Nubeena the principal town.  
Vallai is a small town in Sri Lanka.  
Ganemos or Guanyem refers to a set of independent municipal initiatives in Spain seeking to create and improve mechanisms for more direct citizen participation in politics.  
Alternative names and variants include eggy bread, Bombay toast, German toast, gypsy toast, poor knights (of Windsor), and Torrija.  
Squad (original title: Antigang) is a 2015 French action film directed by Benjamin Rocher and starring Jean Reno.  
The sacred grove also features in the history of Gaius Marcius Coriolanus.  
The organizers made the decision after consultation with the RAI Association and major car brand importers.  
Wolf in White Van is the first novel by the American author and singer-songwriter John Darnielle.  
All species in this genus have one distinct feature that separates them from other species in the Hylidae, the lower eyelid is marked with pattern of lines, veins, or dots.  
Its 6-antenna broadcast transmission array is located in the Town of Vinland, on Wisconsin Highway 76.  
It serves 25 metro stations and has 26 stops, metros on that line stopping twice at Simonis.  
Rasmussen syndrome is a condition characterized by multiple trichoepitheliomas.  
Deleted Scenes from the Cutting Room Floor in the Netherlands, while it was released on 2 December 2011 as a CD single and as a Digital download as the fourth single from the album in Germany.  
Chastity is a 1969 American romantic drama film directed by Alessio de Paola and starring American singer-actress Cher, in her first solo film role.  
The school employs a variety of selection criteria for prospective students, maintaining a quota for local area enrolments, however also using academic, sporting, cultural and artistic talents as means of determining the annual intake.  
WVPS (107.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Burlington, Vermont.  
He incorporates the local creole language into his novels and was the first author to document the pidgin English spoken by the paniolo cowboys on the east end of Molokai.  
This album includes the single "Te Amo", which peaked at number-one in the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart.  
Former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante mixed and mastered the band's debut EP, Exquisite Corpse released in 2008.  
Tirusulam is a Locality in Chennai Metropolitan city India.  
Frost boils (also known as mud boils, frost scars and mud circles) are upwellings of mud that occur through frost heave and cryoturbation in permafrost areas, such as arctic and alpine regions.  
His work has been screened at dozens of film festivals and televised around the world, notably seven of his films have appeared on PBS's American Experience series and four of his films have premiered at the Sundance Film Festival (including Closing Night Film in 2009).  
Boycott (German: Boykott) is a 1930 German drama film directed by Robert Land and starring Ernst Stahl-Nachbaur, Lil Dagover and Rolf von Goth.  
Following an issue with the co-operative mode on the PC upon launch, reviewers also criticized a number of issues such as poor lip syncing, clipping and bad camera angles.  
The school accepts students from standards (grades) 5-12 and is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).  
Those that returned decided to build the fort for their own protection; construction was finished later that same year.  
The AFSCN provides tracking data to help maintain the catalog of space objects and distributes various data such as satellite ephemeris, almanacs, and other information.  
The tetrad is the four spores produced after meiosis of a yeast or other Ascomycota, Chlamydomonas or other alga, or a plant.  
A flanker, he has captained the Wales Under-21 side and has played for the Wales Sevens team.  
In addition to financing gold transactions, the company offers foreign exchange services, money transfers, wealth management services, travel and tourism services, and sells gold coins at Muthoot Finance Branches.  
Cora aurea is a species of damselfly in the family Polythoridae known commonly as the black-banded bannerwing.  
Due south is Ramsden.  
Carl Robin Geary, Sr, was elected mayor of Tracy City, Tennessee on April 13, 2010.  
Depending on the size of the puncture, the tire may deflate slowly or rapidly.  
Whincup and co-driver Paul Dumbrell won the Endurance Cup, taking wins at the Sandown 500 and the Gold Coast 600.  
The thorax and wing-covers are orange with red and black markings.  
She holds a PhD since 2016 from the Department of Intermedia and Multimedia at the Academy of Fine Arts in Bratislava, SK.  
He was a member of the Sudanese Communist Party, and served as Minister of Southern Affairs in the Sudanese Government.  
It is situated near Base Hospital Delhi Cantt, New Delhi.  
He is a native speaker of Hindi and English.  
Although the Social Democratic Party received the largest share of the vote, the Venstre Reform Party won the most seats.  
BookmarkSync was discontinued some time around 2006.  
Very Good Eddie is a musical with a book by Guy Bolton and Philip Bartholomae, music by Jerome Kern, and lyrics by Schuyler Green and Herbert Reynolds, with additional lyrics by Elsie Janis, Harry B. Smith and John E. Hazzard and additional music by Henry Kailimai.  
Previously traded on the NASDAQ, the company was taken private in an acquisition in 2018.  
She is also a novelist who published her first novel in 1994.  
In 2003 Scientific American listed the site as one of the top five in the category of Medicine.  
He has covered conflicts and wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and Democratic Republic of the Congo.  
This is a list of episodes for the animated television series Toad Patrol.  
The film was first aired at HBO on May 11, 1991.  
For authentication between the DNS client and Active Directory, the AS-REQ, AS-REP, TGS-REQ, TGS-REP exchanges must take place for granting of ticket and establishing a security context.  
By the time of its sale in 2010 the company had grown the largest privately managed KiwiSaver Scheme (by members) in the country.  
This year's event occurred between October 31 and November 4.  
He guest starred in the series finale briefly, during the last musical number of the series.  
The community most likely takes its name from nearby Emory Run creek.  
School for Boys, is located in Sivan Koil Street, Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India.  
Breadcrust textures form when the inside of a cooling rock is still hot with gas escaping from it while the outside surface has already cooled.  
He was drafted with the 12th overall pick in the 2009 NBA draft by the Charlotte Bobcats.  
Jonah 4 is the fourth (and the last) chapter of the Book of Jonah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible.  
Uban is a state constituency in Penang, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly since 1986.  
About a Burning Fire is the fourth album by post-hardcore band Blindside.  
Patients with Type 2 AIP do not experience relapse, tend to be younger and not associated with systemic disease.  
From 1939 to 1944, 146 magazine issues were published in total.  
Maitland has an honors degree in Human Communication and doctorate in Psycholinguistics.  
The original Dutch version was called Now or Neverland.  
XM had previously featured the beautiful music format on Sunny, channel 24.  
This episode centers around Captain Hook and Cora as they try to steal the compass from Emma Swan and her mother, while flashbacks show how Hook and Cora met.  
Its common names include yesterday-today-and-tomorrow, morning-noon-and-night, Kiss Me Quick, and Brazil raintree.  
The two buildings that make up the complex are the Grand Park Center and Michigan Mutual Liability Annex, which are connected via a skyway.  
Cwm Prysor Viaduct, which is occasionally referred to as Blaen-y-Cwm Viaduct, is a former railway structure which crosses the Afon Prysor in thinly populated uplands east of Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd, Wales.  
Sofi Oksanen (born January 7, 1977) is a Finnish writer and playwright.  
Ercole Ricotti (12 October 1816 - 24 February 1883) was an Italian politician and historian.  
Removal of earth began in 1981 and was used to create the overpass of the railway line to the east of Werrington railway station.  
Toby Smith (born 10 October 1988) is an Australian rugby union player.  
Scottish Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the Canadian Army.  
Romanesque is the debut extended play released by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick.  
Fort William Junction is a railway junction on the West Highland Line in Scotland, located to the east of Fort William railway station.  
Guests included on the album are Kurupt, WC and Young Bleed.  
It was recorded six times in 1940.  
Published in 1993, it won the 1994 Nebula Award for Best Novel, and was also nominated for the 1994 Hugo, Locus, and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards, each in the same category.  
The specials were produced like standard variety shows of the time: on videotape and with a laugh track.  
Wasdin served in operation Desert Storm and was part of the operation to capture Mohamed Farrah Aidid, a Somali warlord.  
Matano was born in Nagasaki, Japan, and continued to live in Japan until after his studies in university.  
It began the annual Cow Ribbon Campaign for Mother's Day.  
Rennie started farming his own 120 acre section in 1860.  
Madrasa El Achouria is one of the madrasahs of the medina of Tunis.  
Lieutenant General Gregory S. Newbold is a retired United States Marine Corps 3-star general who served as Director of Operations (J-3) for the Joint Chiefs of Staff from October 2000 until he retired in October 2002.  
The teacher chooses a skill and strategy that she believes her class needs based on assessments that she has conducted in her classroom.  
The SAID Foundation took over operations of the station in early 2008 and operated it under the name Foundation Radio, where community matters.  
Tony Declan James Slattery (born 9 November 1959), is an English actor and comedian.  
The Sex Offenders Act 1997 (c.51) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which made various sex offenders (defined as anyone who has been convicted of sexual offenses, ) subject to notification requirements, thereby implementing a sex offenders registry.  
UTSA is a member of the Oak Ridge Associated Universities, a consortium of the nation's major doctorate-level universities dedicated to collaboration and scientific advancement.  
There was a growing fear in the United Kingdom that Germany was a rising power, and there was concern about the implications of access to the Persian Gulf that would arise from the Berlin-Baghdad Railway.  
The final was won 5-2 by Team Canada over host HC Davos.  
Who's Next, and was issued in Europe as a single on 23 October 1971, coupled with "My Wife".  
Main factors that contribute to this issue include poor management of resources, lack of government regulation, and man made waste.  
In 2002, Heins signed a declaration put forward by the Renfrew Chamber of Commerce that Renfrew would be considered the birthplace of the National Hockey League.  
Voter segments in political polling in the United States consist of all adults, registered voters, and likely voters.  
This is a list of Legislative Council results for the Victorian 1970 state election.  
Satriani made the melody one morning he went to record.  
Since then, a total of 101 centuries, including six double centuries, have been scored.  
The denomination 346 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.  
The church follows Methodism, a movement started by John Wesley in an effort to reform the Church of England from within.  
Prepaid telephone calls are a popular way of making telephone calls which allow the caller to control spending without making a commitment with the telephone company.  
The following are the basketball events of the year 1898 throughout the world.  
The album featured Mullen's biggest hits from her albums, Nicole C. Mullen, Talk About It, and Everyday People.  
The role of Warden Sutter in the original script was a man.  
Coptotermes is a genus of termites in the family Rhinotermitidae.  
An example is Captain Vorpatril's Alliance by Lois McMaster Bujold.  
The population was 5,485 at the 2010 census.  
Taeniogonalos raymenti is a species of wasps in the family Trigonalidae.  
Before 2010, the solo artist went under the stage name Ally Cupcake.  
It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1913, and is known from Panama, Puerto Rico and Florida.  
Timor is an island in South East Asia.  
He professes integrity in walk, and unwavering trust in Yahweh, as attested by Yahweh Himself (v.1-2).  
PP-110 (Gujrat-III) is a Constituency of Provincial Assembly of Punjab.  
It is likely that she was the wife of Montuherkhepeshef, a son of Ramesses III.  
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.While writing Chesapeake, James Michener lived here, both researching for the book and experiencing life in the historic town.  
For the third time in four years, an Italian rider claimed the gold medal, with Giorgia Bronzini edging out her rivals in a sprint finish.  
Other casts include Brahmins (Bhatt), Rajputs (Chand, Budal) and some deprived classes (Dalits-Damayee, Chunara etc.).  
The mascot is Renegade the Mustang.  
As of the 2013-14 academic year, there were about 19,000 undergraduates and 2,763 graduate students enrolled in the college.  
Caloptilia orientalis is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.  
The B songs are an ascending series of whistled notes that often contain some buzzy notes.  
Kellyanne graduated from Queen Margaret University College in 2004.  
Anneville lies in the municipality of Alphen-Chaam in southern Netherlands.  
Redbox kiosks feature the company's signature red color and are located at convenience stores, fast food restaurants, grocery stores, mass retailers, and pharmacies.  
The Natural Law Party advocates using the Transcendental Meditation technique and the TM-Sidhi program as tools to enliven natural law and reduce or eliminate problems in society.  
Del Rio is an intermodal transportation center in Del Rio, Texas, United States served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system, as well as by local bus service.  
High Falls Creek is a creek in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located in the New Westminster Land District.  
Prisoners of the Casbah is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Gloria Grahame, Cesar Romero and Turhan Bey.  
Hybridity Music, commonly referred to as Hybridity, is an independent Canadian record label.  
In Britain, it is commonly used in many kit cars and hot rods, especially in the 2 liter size.  
As with listed buildings, Registered Parks and Gardens can be searched on the National Heritage List for England (NHLE) website.  
The film was presented by Fox Star Studios in association with Mahesh Bhatt and Mukesh Bhatt.  
Bridgewater is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States.  
The term has been coined by mineral explorers to differentiate the modern deposit from the ancient.  
It was one of the earliest looping roller coasters in the United States.  
All-Ireland victory was their third in-in-row.  
George Ross, 11th Lord Ross of Halkhead (died April 1682), was a Scottish nobleman and soldier.  
The sanctuary also operates a plant nursery that provides wildflowers and grasses for coastal prairie restoration projects or offered for sale to support the Audubon programs.  
Only two Indigenous Australian women, Leeanne Enoch (2015) and Cynthia Lui (2017), have been elected to the Queensland parliament.  
In 2011, Murray played the role of the nurse in the Scottish film In Search of La Che before going on to play the role of Melanie in the short film Falling for Fitzgerald which earned her the Best Acting accolade at the 2012 British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards.  
Upon exposure to light, notably light containing ultraviolet radiation, discolouration of the skin (whether as inflammation, lightening or darkening) or rashes may result.  
Ricks was born on December 6, 1974 in Hyde Park, Chicago.  
Barakula is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia.  
The company has received widespread critical acclaim, and is said to have been the first jazz dance company.  
The film played an important role in influencing legislation and policy discussions in Congress, the VA, and the Department of Defense and was embraced by a national movement of activists and veteran service organizations working to improve care for the unprecedented influx of women returning from Iraq and Afghanistan into the VA system.  
The Texas A&M ring is an important rite of passage for students at the university.  
Dual-mode transit seeks to address a similar audience as personal rapid transit but with the capability to "travel the first and last miles off-guideway using onboard energy storage".  
Students who complete the diploma here may choose to attend higher degrees abroad.  
It has since received RIAA gold certification and has a sales of 703,000 as of December 2010, one of only three by new male country singers introduced in four years to earn a gold album.  
Restaurant James Sommerin is a restaurant in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.  
It was a twin-engined biplane that was intended to operate from Japanese aircraft carriers, but proved to be unsuitable for carrier use, and the eleven aircraft built were instead used as land-based trainers.  
However, he was soon on the move once again when he signed for Waterford United and narrowly missed out on collecting the only domestic medal he hadn't got when his old club Bray beat Waterford in the final of the 1995 League of Ireland First Division Shield.  
The parties settled their dispute in 2000.  
Uno was nominated with Joseph Benson for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film in 1982 for The Silence.  
He was recently elected as Clinical Vice President of the Royal College of Physicians, London.  
Media Oy is a Finnish media industry company, founded in the year 2004, that produces communication to different media and translation services.  
Camp Eggers was a United States military base in Kabul, Afghanistan located near the US Embassy and the Afghan Presidential Palace.  
Their songs are mainly about girls and relationship with the occasional political song.  
For most operations, common file utilities can be used, so even scripting is quite easy.  
The spudcans are the inverted cones mounted at the base of the jack-up which provide stability to lateral forces on the jack-up rig when deployed into ocean-bed systems.  
The tournament is played on hard courts and is the best-attended tennis tournament outside the four Grand Slam tournaments, with over 450,000 visitors during the 2015 event.  
Annie Haeger (born February 5, 1990) is a United States Olympic sailing contestant.  
He also played for his country at IRB Sevens.  
It is traditional to post sideboys to honor superior officers.  
During her collaboration with Soulpower, High performed all across Europe and even performed in Africa, backed by the Soulpower Allstars.  
Mills is a supporter of Leave Means Leave, a Eurosceptic campaign.  
Northwestern Oklahoma State and Southern Nazarene were provisional members and not eligible for regular season championships or postseason championship tournaments.  
His self-produced full-length debut rock album, was completed in Summer 2015.  
In 1914, donations by the tiny village of Middlemarch, New Zealand of items such as tobacco, shirts and tinned fruit for soldiers going to fight in World War I, included "26 cholera belts".  
Joe Mott (born October 5, 1965) is a former professional American football player.  
Ronald Ward was a British actor who appeared in more than twenty British films between 1931 and 1956.  
Will No Longer Be Loved III was the subject of Derren Brown's Channel 4 special, The Great Art Robbery.  
RSP's Raw Material Division PL&DQ is near 6km of Hatibari.  
The Robin R 3000 is a French single-engined light aircraft designed and built by Avions Robin, which entered production in the 1980s.  
Located in Bangalore, the National Law School of India University (or the Law School, as it is generally known) was established by a statute passed by the Legislative Assembly of the State of Karnataka.  
She was elected to the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly as the Country Liberal member for Arnhem at the 2012 territory election.  
Commonly called watermeal or duckweed, these aquatic plants resemble specks of cornmeal floating on the water.  
It is the sixth game of the Glory of Heracles series.  
"Rob" Molhoek (born 6 October 1959) is an Australian Liberal National politician who is the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Southport, having defeated Peter Lawlor at the 2012 state election.  
Bartolini returned to Italy in January 1982 and featured in the La Scala di Milano in the title role of Ernani.  
Misogada is a genus of moths of the Notodontidae family.  
Magnetawan is the setting for The Rogue Hunter, the tenth book in the popular Urban Fantasy Argeneau series by Ontario-born author Lynsay Sands.  
The Chief Architect of the Ministry from 1951 to 1970 was Eric Bedford.  
Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) decides to save Lori Grimes (Sarah Wayne Callies), who has been injured in a car accident.  
William Shelton (1869-1938) was the last hereditary chief of the Snohomish in Tulalip, Washington.  
Evangelistic Association of the East is the first missionary association of Syriac Orthodox Church founded in 1924 by 'Malphono Naseeho' Very.  
Sargodha Cricket Stadium is a cricket stadium located in Sargodha, Punjab, Pakistan .  
The Inland Valley Daily Bulletin is a paid daily newspaper based in Rancho Cucamonga, California, serving the Pomona Valley and southwest San Bernardino County region.  
This gene encodes a member of the ganglioside-induced differentiation-associated protein family, which may play a role in a signal transduction pathway during neuronal development.  
Ashanti is a 1982 Hindi-language action-crime film directed by Umesh Mehra, starring Rajesh Khanna, Mithun Chakraborty, Jeevan, Zeenat Aman, Parveen Babi, Shabana Azmi and Amrish Puri.  
Charles Burchard (January 1, 1810 - April 1, 1879) was an American politician.  
Moreover, it called for the lifting of the state of War, nationalization of key industries, release of political prisoners, land reform, the right to strike, swift holding of elections and the return of West Irian (West Papua) to Indonesia.  
Raymong Wong Hung-chiu (born 29 July 1957), is the current Permanent Secretary for Education of Hong Kong.  
After the departure of Erick Rutan from Morbid Angel, Maier auditioned for the guitarist role, and was one of the 3 runners-up to take the position, eventually delegated to Destructhor of Zyklon.  
The photos are simple black and white images of each individual standing upright from front, back and side perspectives.  
Justis is officially credited as Bill Everette.  
Acraea guillemei is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.  
Siyar Bahadurzada (born April 17, 1984) is an Afghan-born Dutch mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.  
The Boys' Brigade in Australia is a Christian uniformed youth organization in Australia, which is part of the global Boys' Brigade movement.  
The film tells the story of a lonely petrol station attendant and how he slowly begins to come out of his shell.  
The group got its start with in 2001 when Slim Thug and E.S.G. released a collaboration album Boss Hogg Outlaws.  
In the case of the alpha version, this prevents the executables from running, so users notice it immediately.  
In 1983, East German band the Puhdys recorded a version with translated German lyrics on their Computer-Karriere album.  
Nonacosylic acid, or Nonacosanoic acid, is a 29-carbon long-chain saturated fatty acid with the chemical formulaCH3(CH2)27COOH.  
By 1994, he and frequent songwriting partner Robert Ellis Orrall had formed a duo known as Orrall & Wright, which also recorded one major-label album.  
Leo's College is an-all girls voluntary secondary school founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1839.  
The 2000 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season.  
Gun cameras are cameras used primarily in aircraft to help measure tactical effectiveness.  
Naunihal is a 1967 Hindi drama film directed by Raj Marbros starring Sanjeev Kumar, Balraj Sahni and Indrani Mukherjee in lead roles.  
It is part of Thunder Bay's Census Metropolitan Area.  
He also co-wrote the popular comedy drama, Brass with Coronation Street scriptwriter, Julian Roach in the 1980s and more recently scripted the sitcom, Mother's Ruin, starring Roy Barraclough.  
Originally named Monroe Hill College, Brown opened in 1986 as the first modern residential college at the University of Virginia.  
Pentacrinites is an extinct genus of crinoids that lived from the Middle Triassic to the Eocene of Asia, Europe, North America, and New Zealand.  
It is one of the rarest games to be released for the console.  
WCTS is owned by the Central Baptist Theological Seminary of Minneapolis, hence the call letters.  
There is an open-source implementation with performance analysis and benchmarks, and HTML documentation .  
A second series called The Lost Stars, focuses on the collapse of the Syndicate Worlds.  
Coombs' method (or the Coombs rule) is a ranked voting system created by Clyde Coombs used for single-winner elections.  
Like other benzodiazepine derivatives, it has amnesic, anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, muscle relaxant, and sedative properties.  
Rosalyn Coleman Williams is an American actor and coach.  
Kosinski was recruited as director two years later.  
It is in the Pointed style, but suffered maltreatment in 1806 at the hands of restorers, whose work was subsequently removed during the restoration completed in 1902.  
Rosebury was one of four senior AFL umpires appointed during the 2000 AFL season.  
The chase lasted for three years and covered a large area of Europe - including the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Spain, Gibraltar, and Portugal.  
Hindsight (also known as Sees Everything In Hindsight) is the second album by rapper John Reuben, released on May 21, 2002.  
He served as a supervising architect on the construction of the Crystal Palace for London's Great Exhibition of 1851.  
Further places are a matter of even bigger debate.  
The campaign is intended to be synergistic with new technology and with the FAA Safety Management System approach.  
In the beginning of 2015, she became line-up artist at the 2015 Jakarta International Java Jazz Festival.  
The name refers to Don River, Russia.  
The British Columbia Dragoons are part of 3rd Canadian Division's 39 Canadian Brigade Group.  
It also hit number 10 on the UK Singles Chart.  
The bibliography contains works on the history of, flying of, construction of, scientific use of and fiction about kites.  
In June 2010, Ralphs Bay was saved when the Tasmanian Planning Commission rejected the proposed 'Lauderdale Quay' canal housing development.  
Tyme Out (formerly known as IIIrd Tyme Out) is a bluegrass band formed in 1991 in Cumming, Georgia.  
Thirty Seconds to Mars performed "Up in the Air" on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Conan, and included the song on the setlist of their Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour and subsequent Carnivores Tour.  
Kim Victoria Abeles (born August 28, 1952 in Richmond Heights, Missouri) is an American interdisciplinary artist currently living in Los Angeles.  
The town is the richest in Maryland, with a median income of "over $250,000", the highest income bracket listed by the census bureau, and a median home value of $1,823,800.Chevy Chase Village includes 721 homes.  
Since turning professional in 2005 he has won five titles on the PGA Tour as of the 2016 season and earned rankings inside the top thirty in the world.  
Cable Newspaper Ltd was established on November 29, 2011.  
The Nationals finished the 2011 season in third place in the NL East with an 80-81 record, playing only 161 games because one game against the Los Angeles Dodgers was canceled due to rain.  
The large surface area of the tracks distributes the weight of the vehicle better than steel or rubber tires on an equivalent vehicle, enabling a continuous tracked vehicle to traverse soft ground with less likelihood of becoming stuck due to sinking.  
It is found in Ivory Coast, Senegal and South Africa.  
It is the first car racing game from developer Milestone since 2006's Evolution GT.  
It is a member of the Siderotype family of processes.  
The College was previously affiliated with University of Karachi but has recently been affiliated with the National Defense University (NDU) along with other staff and war colleges of Pakistan Army and Navy.  
Like the XP-54, the Ascender was initially designed for the Pratt & Whitney X-1800 engine and had to be redesigned when that engine project was canceled.  
Main roads in the area include Norton Road, Weeroona Drive and the eastern parts of Bungendore Road.  
Eigg is a landing craft car ferry built for Caledonian MacBrayne in 1974.  
She must attend school in the United States, but without divulging that she is a princess or a spy.  
In 2002, he played for the Switzerland national ice hockey team in the Olympic Games in Salt Lake City, Utah.  
"The Messenger" makes its only appearance here, as it would be cut from the Broadway production and consequently left off the cast album.  
The building may have been designed by Inigo Jones, and built by Sir Roger Pratt around 1660.  
Jeff Lockie (born November 14, 1993) is a former American football quarterback who played college football at Oregon.  
Michael Jai Feinberg is a photographer and software designer best known for creating the computer games Endorfun and Ishido.  
Fones Potter (1759-1833), an American Revolution veteran, started a textile mill in the area, which was originally named Pleasant Vale.  
The strip has appeared at 1UP.com until September 30, 2009 when the blog ended and Norm promised to continue the comic at spookingtons.com.  
Her work includes short films, documentaries, TV series, and feature films.  
On March 25, 2014, Retroism re-released the game on GOG.com and, together with Night Dive Studios, to Steam.  
Unterach is a village in the Austria state of Upper Austria on the southern shore of lake Attersee in the center of the Salzkammergut region.  
He is noted for his excavations at Shortugai.  
Upon his retirement as CEO, Grill donated $20 million to the University of Sydney to establish the John Grill Center for Project Leadership.  
Council member Filimoni Kau stated that objections would be considered, but that the Charter would go ahead in any case.  
Prior to the passing of the bill establishing the University into law, the then President, the late Prof.  
He is currently Professor of Sociology and Leverhulme research fellow at Essex University.  
Periaptodes olivieri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
The river flows out of the lake by Anguillara Sabazia and enters the Tyrrhenian Sea near Maccarese and Fregene, localities in the commune of Fiumicino.  
The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 25 December 1998.  
The seal was that of the Olavbrothers but was used by delegates to represent all the farmers and populace of Sunnhordland.  
The last player to have a spaceship left would be the winner.  
Lombricine kinase (EC 2.7.3.5), an annelid-specific enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of phosphate from ATP to lombricine.  
Already qualified for the event are hosts Serbia, Hungary, Italy and Russia.  
The Black Meteor is a 2000 Dutch film directed by Guido Pieters.  
The screenplay was written by Miles Hood Swarthout (the son of the author) and Scott Hale.  
Jang-hwa and Hong-ryeon (literally The Story of Janghwa and Hongryeon) is a 1924 Korean silent film, the first feature film produced entirely by Korean filmmakers.  
The novel explores the 1920s and 30s worker experience through the eyes of Larry Donovan.  
It was intended by the faculty to become, like its predecessor the 1914 Catholic Encyclopedia, a standard reference work for students, teachers, librarians, journalists, and general readers interested in the history, doctrine, practices, and people of the Catholic faith.  
She holds her head upright and faces straight ahead, her right arm is bent and held up, her left is held at hip height.  
He had a recurring role on iZombie as Vaughn du Clark.  
The station is currently owned by Donald Curtis' Eastern Airwaves, LLC.  
The style of the series is intentionally crude both in terms of presentation and content, with limited animation.  
The 2010 NSC Minnesota Stars season is the first season of the franchise to be played in the USSF Division 2 Pro League.  
The tournament was played between February 15, and February 17, 1911, in Berlin, Germany, and it was won by Bohemia.  
It included a cover of "In Between Days" (originally by The Cure, from their 1985 album The Head on the Door).  
A video has been made for the intro to the album and it is called "Ups & Downs".  
In the pilot episode Joe escapes an ongoing beating by Simon's henchmen to rescue Azure.  
Therefore, by using enzymes to break down glucose, bio-batteries directly receive energy from glucose.  
In 2010, she tried to sail from Veracruz, Mexico, to Israel, but had to stop in Miami due to hurricanes in the Central Atlantic Ocean.  
He is known in the San Francisco community for having painted a number of large, graphic "sign" murals including: One Tree next to the U.S. Route 101 on-ramp at 10th and Bryant Street, Innercity Home on a large public housing structure, Sky/Ground on a tall abandoned building at 3rd and Mission Street, and Extinct over a Shell gas station.  
Songs featured on the show are available for digital download through the iTunes Store up to two weeks before new episodes air, and through other digital outlets and mobile carriers a week later.  
The opposition Free National Movement won 55% of the popular vote and 33 of the 49 seats.  
He is the curator of the David H. Koch Hall of Human Origins at the Smithsonian.  
Major functions of the crown include light energy assimilation, carbon dioxide absorption and release of oxygen via photosynthesis, energy release by respiration, and movement of water to the atmosphere by transpiration.  
Varanasi has joined the global bandwagon of UNESCO "Cities of Music" under the Creative Cities Network.  
Sulong Zambales Party is the ruling political party in Zambales, Philippines, founded by incumbent Zambales Governor Hermogenes Ebdane in 2012.  
Thomas "Tom" Cowan (born 28 August 1969) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a defender.  
An issue that arises from political data is often how disconnected people are from their own data, rarely gaining access to the data they produce.  
It has a G.I. Registration No. 112.  
The album reached number 16 in the UK albums chart.  
They continued touring Europe until 1992, when Napalm Beach and their German label Satyricon records had a falling-out.  
Sixteen years later, on July 2, 1881, President James A. Garfield was shot by Charles J. Guiteau, surviving for over two months before dying on September 19, 1881.  
However, the group eventually abandoned this device, after the masks became unhygienic with age, and to avoid unfavorable comparisons with Slipknot.  
It Lines on the Vijayawada-Chennai Section And Is Administered Under Vijayawada Railway Division Of South Central Railway Zone.  
Nikhil Kumar (born as Nikhil Gowda) (born 22 January 1990) is an Indian film actor and businessman, who mainly works in the Kannada and Telugu film industry.  
It belongs to the nuclear receptor family where the ligand diffuses into cells, interacts with the receptor and results in a signal transduction affecting specific gene expression in the nucleus.  
His primary research interests lie in physical inorganic chemistry.  
Mary Germaine is an English film actress.  
Elias Neocleous & Co. LLC is the largest law firm in Cyprus.  
The bronze-olive pygmy tyrant (Pseudotriccus pelzelni) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.  
The program takes benefit of ubiquitous mobile phone use all over India, to enable interaction between the Indian government and its citizens.  
Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v Ali [2001] UKHL 8 is an English contract law case in the House of Lords on the limits of freedom of contract, and the contra proferentem principle.  
V3903 Sagittarii is an eclipsing binary star system in the constellation Sagittiarus.  
Dinky was a supporting character in the 1999 pilot Curbside.  
The YMCA in Uganda was founded in 1959.  
They Come sparked trends that were apparent in following films such as Dancehall Queen and One Love, both directed by Don Letts and Rick Elgood.  
Bhupendrasinhji Manubha Chudasama is an Indian politician.  
Cyclobutane itself is of no commercial or biological significance, but more complex derivatives are important in biology and biotechnology.  
Those with the skills and inclination to write Welsh recipes, the upper classes, conformed to English styles and therefore would not have run their houses with traditional Welsh cuisine.  
The game received mixed reviews from critics, with Metacritic scores of 63/100, 64/100, and 50/100 on PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox, respectively.  
Vicksburg is a census-designated place located in Buffalo Township, Union County in the state of Pennsylvania, United States.  
It is the first radar imaging satellite to be operated by the Russian military after the Soviet RORSAT and Almaz-T series.  
The borough has (on January 1, 2008) 40,846 inhabitants.  
The school has two separate divisions: a Boys Division, and a Girls Division.  
It was described in 1883.Not many specimens have been collected, but their size is around 13 millimeters.  
Machiel Evert Noordeloos (born 16 April 1949) is a Dutch mycologist.  
Before confederation with Canada in 1949, Gaultois was the customs town for those wishing to travel to the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.  
It was replaced by XM's The 80s on 8 on November 12, 2008, as part of the Sirius XM Merger.  
The transverse or [anterior] meniscomeniscal ligament is a ligament in the knee joint that connects the anterior convex margin of the lateral meniscus to the anterior end of the medial meniscus.  
He also represented Poland at the 2016 Summer Olympics.  
CANPASS Remote Area Border Crossing program allows people to cross the border at remote areas in Ontario from Pigeon River to Lake of the Woods and the Canadian shore of Lake Superior.  
It was promoted as an alternative to the economic sanctions and divestment from South Africa demanded by the UN General Assembly and the international anti-apartheid movement.  
The Atlantic jackknife clam has inspired a kind of biomimetic anchor in development by a team at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, adapting the clam's digging method for use in keeping undersea cables and potentially watercraft anchored securely.  
Most of the community has been annexed by Winston-Salem.  
The hamlet includes Walcot Farmhouse, a Grade II Listed manor house dating from the sixteenth-seventeenth centuries with latter additions.  
It is situated next to the R544 road between Witbank and Bethal and is surrounded by coal mines.  
It was the last episode of House to feature Lisa Edelstein as Lisa Cuddy.  
This is their fourth outing in Indian Premier League.  
This is a list of episodes for the second season of Lou Grant.  
China is a 2016 Chinese documentary film depicting the lives of two families who make their living recycling plastic waste imported from developed countries.  
In 2013 Bitcasa moved to a tiered storage model, offering from 1TB for $99/year up to Infinite for $999/year.  
"The Justice League Elite are a not-exactly-sanctioned, don't-ask-don't-tell, covert operations unit- newly formed to hunt and eliminate extra-normal threats to the earth before they go public."  
Galanin is a neuropeptide encoded by the GAL gene, that is widely expressed in the brain, spinal cord, and gut of humans as well as other mammals.  
The season started with an Olympic-style opening ceremony on July 9, 2011 and followed by a doubleheader basketball games on July 10 at the Araneta Coliseum.  
He is currently Honorary President and Chairman of the Isles of Scilly Bird Group and regularly presents slideshows and leads other events on the islands.  
Fredy Montero is the club's all-time top scorer with 47 goals, and he is tied with Mauro Rosales for the club record in assists with 34.  
Morrison Lake is a lake of Ontario, Canada.  
He made the short film "Kaatchipizhai" in Madurai, which was selected for Nalaya Iyakunar (a TV competition for short films).  
This species is very similar to Pterostylis rufa which has a narrower labellum and other minor differences.  
A Persian offensive into Georgia, with their British and French trained Nezam-e Jadid infantry, initiated the battle.  
In the same year, he finished 3rd in the Poker Million.  
Opsaridium engrauloides is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae.  
This wildflower is native to western North America where it is found in mountain meadows.  
She describes how this has made user-generated social media much more viable than it could otherwise have been, but on the other hand, it has left platforms without a framework or legal motivation to address hate speech, harassment, and propaganda.  
He remained active within Unite, the trade union.  
Missing Daughters is a 19399 American action film, directed by Charles C. Coleman.  
The SRC is housed and supported by the University of Arkansas, Little Rock.  
The BCCA was terminated in late 1937.  
The village maintains the Kempley Tardis (a redundant telephone box) - a National Lottery funded project supported by English Heritage.  
It is the seventh and final film in the series of television adaptations of William Shakespeare's history plays produced by Sam Mendes for BBC Two under the title The Hollow Crown.  
The song reached number one in 11 countries and the top five in many more regions.  
Yogo may be a distinct language.  
All data generated from the project are available to the public, and SETI@Home is used for some of the data analysis.  
The 5th Academy Awards were conducted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences on November 18, 1932, at a ceremony held at The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, California.  
TIM-001 was an application development microcomputer developed by Mihajlo Pupin Institute (Serbia) in 1983/84.  
He is the co-founder of Specsavers, an international optical retail chain.  
Sales of music downloads in the United Kingdom have been monitored since 2004; during the 2000s, these sales were collated by the Official Charts Company and compiled weekly into the UK Official Download Chart, a record chart of the biggest-selling downloads in the UK.In September 2009, The Daily Telegraph published a chart of what were the best-selling music downloads of the decade to that point.  
Emily Bitto is an Australian writer.  
Koilodepas ferrugineum is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae.  
A second entrance, about 80m east on the north side of Eglinton, will replace two storefronts.  
The song reached the Top 40 in all of the countries it was released in.  
Jennissen graduated from the University of Saskatchewan in 1966 with degrees in Arts and Education, and received a Master of Arts degree in Communication in 1969.  
The Bill seeks to provide legislative backing to the Regional Center and also confers upon it the status of an institution of national importance.  
AdultVest, Inc. is an investment management company based in Beverly Hills, California.  
The community is serviced by year round train access, local airport, and winter ice roads.  
In November 1842, while serving abroad the brig USS Somers, during the return home from a voyage to Liberia, suspicion arose that Philip Spencer had formed a plan to seize the Somers and sail her as a pirate ship or slaver.  
Unlike previous seasons, the contestants will not compete individually, but instead, will be paired in teams of two.  
Suggestions as to the origin of the name gaita are many.  
In the Western world the phrase is often used to refer to those who deal with impropriety by turning a blind eye.  
These routes are numbered in the 100-series.  
He had the support of Laborers' International Union of North America locals 506 and 183 due to his strong support while still a City Councilor for members of Local 79 (Cleaners) when his Council motion stopped the contracting out of 340 jobs from the City.  
Lee later became a semi-regular member of the starting fifteen, however, he ended his playing days without silverware.  
Santa Claus is a 1996 American made-for-television musical fantasy-comedy film starring Angela Lansbury in the title role as Mrs. Claus, the wife of Santa Claus.  
The Jefferson City Buzzards have five parades each spring.  
Minidisc is the only full-length release by Gescom.  
The Noble Baronetcy, of Ardkinglas, and Eilean Iarmain in the County of Argyll, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 26 July 1923 for the businessman John Noble.  
His Minor Counties Championship debut was in 1997 and he made a single List A appearance for the combined team in the 2001 C&G Trophy, scoring 3 runs.  
Scotch Bonnet Records releases many of the Mungo's Hi Fi releases and recordings and has released their latest album Serious Time on 2 June 2014.  
Its current representative is John Rigby, who defeated write-in candidate William Riiska after the sudden resignation of Rep. George Wilber.  
Nos Pilifs Farm is a farm and company that hires disabled people (nonprofit organization) founded in 1984 and located in Brussels.  
Among other projects, he has produced a series of public radio music documentaries about the history of The Beatles which have been carried on scores of radio stations across the country.  
Another very important example of a supercell is the conventional cell of body-centered (bcc) or face-centered (fcc) cubic crystals.  
The station was assigned the KYUS-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on January 26, 2007.  
In most implementations of dynamic compilation, some optimizations that could be done at the initial compile time are delayed until further compilation at run-time, causing further unnecessary slowdowns.  
It was discovered on 22 October 1968, by Russian astronomer Tamara Smirnova at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory in Nauchnyj on the Crimean peninsula.  
Williams is one of six NCAA Men's Division I college basketball coaches to have won at least three national championships.  
Thelycera is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.  
He was the president of the Hale Elevator Company, one of the first hydraulic elevator companies in the United States.  
Certain types of premises including farms and the chemical industry pose special risks because of the types of materials present.  
Chiltern Hundreds is a 1947 English-language stage comedy by William Douglas-Home.  
If the Naiste Meistriliiga champions also won the Estonian Cup then the cup runners-up provide the opposition.  
In a small study in 1994, it was compared to clonidine and buprenorphine in the detoxification of methadone patients and found to be inferior to both of them.  
The taxon was located within Dsungaripteroidea (sensu Kellner), which included Azhdarchoidea, Dsungaripteridae, and Pteranodontoidea, all of which were mostly dissolved due to the few remains known from Linlongopterus.  
He is one of only three men to score a century in both innings of his first-class debut (Arthur Morris and Nari Contractor are the others), he made a seven-hour unbeaten 98 in his second Test, made back-to-back hundreds against India in 1989-90, took a Test stumping as stand-in keeper (Richie Richardson), took one Test wicket (Australia's Peter Taylor - batting at No. 2) and was recalled after a four-year absence to face Australia in 1994-95.  
In the LDS Church Ostler has served as a bishop.  
The company has offices in Dublin, London, and Toronto and has customers in Ireland, the UK, the US, Canada and Africa.  
Zane Dae Beadles (born November 19, 1986) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent.  
Kelling Heath Holiday Park is a holiday park in Norfolk, England, owned and operated by Blue Sky Leisure.  
The Natal Mounted Rifles is an armored regiment of the South African Army.  
This most commonly refers to the hop harvest but can also be connected with grain harvest, Oktoberfest, or as a general term for fall seasonal beers.  
Bloodless surgery is a non-invasive surgical method developed by orthopedic surgeon, Adolf Lorenz, who was known as "the bloodless surgeon of Vienna".  
Funk or Walk is the debut album by the Brides of Funkenstein, released on Atlantic Records in September 1978.  
There are a number of software applications available for digital image manipulation, ranging from professional applications to very basic imaging software for casual users.  
Business interaction networks are networks that allow businesses and their communities of interest to collaborate and do business online securely via the Internet.  
The film concentrates on the daily struggle to survive of a tribe of Stone Age men.  
These would include possession by the devil; a plummet from a 30-story-window (which she survived); being used as a surrogate for genetically engineered babies, Rex and Cassie, during a four-year coma, where she was presumed dead after being involved in a plane crash; being mind-controlled to believe she was a serial killer; and becoming pregnant late in life and suffering a miscarriage, which caused her to have hysterical amnesia.  
A new tranche of managers were recruited identifying key skills such as prisoner management, problem solving, project management and compliance.  
Other recurring characters included Tex Taylor, Arizona Annie, the Apache Kid, and the Ringo Kid.  
Monochamus nigrobasimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
The episode was written by Bill Wrubel and directed by Ron Underwood.  
Born in Nuremberg, Germany, Heim studied under Ludwig Schultheiss.  
The band has a compilation coming out, to help drummer Timothy Henderson with his health problems.  
Lullabies for Little Criminals was a publishing sensation in Canada and went on to become an international bestseller.  
Most keys have 5 cuts from bow to tip.  
He is best known for inventing structural uses for bamboo.  
The main entrance is on Chapeltown Road, with vehicle exits onto Harehills Lane and Newton Road.  
The markers were erected in 2008 and 2010 on 22 sites along the borders of the Jewish quarter, where from 1940-1943 stood the gates to the ghetto, wooden footbridges over Aryan streets, and the buildings important to the ghetto inmates.  
Monongahela is the 14th country studio album by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys, released in 1988 via MCA Records.  
His third was Tarzan of the Apes.  
William Eric Viking Hahne (born April 19, 1992, Stockholm) is a Swedish politician who is the Deputy Chairman of the party Alternative for Sweden.  
The NX bit (no-execute) is a technology used in CPUs to segregate areas of memory for use by either storage of processor instructions (code) or for storage of data, a feature normally only found in Harvard architecture processors.  
The Looking Glass is a Space Tribe album published in 2005 by Spiritzone.  
It is estimated that Diebold Nixdorf controls about 35 percent of the global ATM market.  
Reasons to Stay Alive is a 2015 memoir about major depressive disorder authored by novelist Matt Haig.  
It is said to be a more predictable diuretic, meaning that the predictable absorption is reflected in a more predictable effect.  
The race, which was extended by 12 laps, shattered numerous NASCAR records: it marked the first time under the modified green-white-checkered finish rules that a race had gone to the maximum three attempts allowed.  
Groupe TVA, Inc. is a Canadian communications company with operations in broadcasting, publishing and production.  
The school replaced the county's first school, a 1908 building known as the "little green schoolhouse".  
It was established in 1986 and has a population of about 1150 students in Years 8 to 12 (aged 12 to 17), 90+ teaching staff, and 40+ support staff.  
This procedure ensures the sanctity of the Constitution of India and keeps a check on arbitrary power of the Parliament of India.  
The long-legged bunting (Emberiza alcoveri) is an extinct flightless species of bunting.  
It may also be described as a blaze or simply a (large) fire.  
It is known from Tabasco, Mexico.  
Otherwise they were used interchangeably with other destroyer types.  
In most Quorn products, the fungus culture is dried and mixed with egg albumen, which acts as a binder, and then is adjusted in texture and pressed into various forms.  
He is considered a martyr for the faith by the Catholic Church, which has beatified him.  
The nearby Moore Islands and Whitmore Islands comprise with the McKenney Islands the Moore/McKenny/Whitmore Ecological Preserve.  
Kenneth Dubuque Memorial State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest in the northern Berkshire Hills in the towns of Hawley, Plainfield, and Savoy.  
Mouth Sounds is a mashup album by American musician Neil Cicierega.  
According to the version in the Gospel of Matthew, Peter walked on the water towards Jesus, but he became afraid and began to sink, so Jesus rescued him.  
King Moses Osanga (born 6 October 1990 in Jos) is a Nigerian football forward.  
Benigno Aquino Jr. wrote the script who based it on his experiences on the war as a correspondent.  
SPT stands for Stationary Plasma Thruster.  
The company is headquartered in Prince Frederick, Maryland near the original Recorded Books operations.  
However, some of the original arcade games were ported into versions on third-party home consoles and developed by several companies.  
Hypogastrura nivicola is a species of dark blue springtail.  
The Personal History of David Copperfield is an upcoming film written and directed by Armando Iannucci, based on the novel David Copperfield by Charles Dickens.  
The arms, set through the soundboard at points distant about the third of the diameter from the circumference, have the familiar fan shape.  
Other cast members included a very young Peggy Ashcroft, Francis L. Sullivan, and Felix Aylmer.  
Alexander began his professional life as a primary school teacher.  
It is owned & operated by Bauer Radio and forms part of the Hits Radio Network.  
The Cinebulle is a hot air balloon specially adapted for filming.  
He currently plays for Ohio Aviators in the US PRO Rugby competitionHe previously played with Zebre in the Pro12.  
The Massachusetts Banishment Act, officially named the "Banishment Act of the State of Massachusetts", was a bill of attainder passed in September 1778 "to prevent the return to this state of certain persons therein named and others who have left this state or either of the United States, and joined the enemies thereof."  
The stadium holds 4,500 people and was opened in 2000.  
It was developed in the United States in the 1970s, and derives from Araucana chickens brought from Chile.  
Their efforts are unsuccessful, however, until they catch the man who their wives are cheating with.  
As of 2005, East Union High School enrolls over 1,600 students annually.  
The song peaked to number 30 on the UK Singles Chart.  
Milele, which means "forever" in Swahili has performed alongside gospel artists like Andrae Crouch and Helen Baylor and recorded four albums, Forever, Level up, Afrique and their most recent recording, Monday.  
In 1985, he made his debut in the senior side of Maccabi Netanya while only 16 years old.  
The player controls a cave man character who has had all his bones stolen from a prehistoric bank by a dinosaur.  
Rich was the second Fellow at Rambus contributing to lighting, RRAM and new memory technologies.  
They started out as an acoustic jazz trio, but soon went on to sound more like a rock band.  
Jeffrey Holdaway, in the New Zealand Art Monthly, said that both books start out as "normal fairytales but slowly become stranger", and that they contain layers of symbolism similar to that of Lewis Carroll's work.  
Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily under Roger II after conquering southern Italy and Malta from the Saracens and Byzantines, and an expedition on behalf of their duke, William the Conqueror, led to the Norman conquest of England at the historic Battle of Hastings in 1066.  
Guests include Alison Krauss, Marty Stuart and dobro virtuso Rob Ickes.  
The ceremony was televised in the Sweden by SVT, with actress and comedian Babben Larsson hosting the show.  
Polymorphisms resulting in amino acid substitutions in these two subunits have been associated with the regulation of blood pressure in an animal model of hypertension.  
His large-scale Spiderman mural was recently featured in the major exhibition 'Marvel: Creating The Cinematic Universe' at the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art.  
In 1999 Miley-Dyer won a National Scholastic Snow Boarding Title.  
CIB is RPF and NITF compliant.  
The station is currently owned by Calvary Evangelistic Mission, Inc. and features programming from Salem Communications.  
MDA is an Australian television series that aired between 2002 and 2005 on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).  
Edward Arthur Seykota (born August 7, 1946) is a commodities trader, who earned S.B. degrees in Electrical Engineering from MIT and Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management, both in 1969.  
It contains only one species, Pteridoporthis euryloxa, which is found on Fiji.  
Found in northern Europe, it was given the Neo-Latin epithet specifying "Finnish" when it was described as new to science in 1969 by Finnish mycologist Harri Harmaja.  
The batter must strike at a good ball and attempt to run a rounder in an anti-clockwise direction around the first, second, and third base and home to the fourth, though they may stay at any of the first three.  
On three occasions the county progressed to the third round of the competition: in 2001, 2002, and 2003.  
It was released on 12 May 2003 on Superior Quality Recordings.  
Provision is a method used in the Republic of Ireland to ensure asylum seekers are housed and cared for, in accordance with international law.  
He made his debut for Ireland against South Africa in the 2012 autumn international series.  
After this he decided to try drifting in his Skyline.  
The third of John Paul II's apostolic exhortations, it presents Jesus as the Reconciler of a shattered world.  
The station was established in 1913 by the Canadian Northern Ontario Railway as a divisional point and headquarters for the Superior Division, under the name Fitzbach railway station; its name was changed to Hornepayne around 1920.  
It shares tracks with the South Morang railway line until Clifton Hill, then heads in a north-east direction through the cities of Yarra, Darebin and Banyule, and the Shire of Nillumbik.  
The executive editors are Peter Kerr (University of Birmingham) and Steven Kettell (University of Warwick).  
Additional content is offered via a download website.  
In 2003, Urban & Fischer was acquired by Elsevier.  
Pet collars can be made of leather, nylon or metal.  
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Frederico Westphalen (Latin: Dioecesis Vestphaleniana) is a diocese located in the city of Frederico Westphalen in the ecclesiastical province of Passo Fundo in Brazil.  
In the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM), catatonia is not recognized as a separate disorder, but is associated with psychiatric conditions such as schizophrenia (catatonic type), bipolar disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and other mental disorders, narcolepsy, as well as drug abuse or overdose (or both).  
In Canada, "You Take My Breath Away" reached as high as number three.  
The West India Quay DLR station serves the area.  
The Houston Journal of International Law (HJIL) is a triannual student-edited law journal published by the University of Houston Law Center.  
Utkal Bharat is a political party in Odisha, India.  
The championship began on 12 May 1901 and ended on 26 October 1902.  
Absolute is a music compilation album under both the Body and Soul and Midnight Soul collection series.  
Ben Parry (born 1965) is a British musician, composer, conductor, singer, arranger and producer in both classical and light music fields.  
There are also an automotive shop and a culinary program run by students from Beloit Memorial High School.  
IE 11 is still available and preinstalled on Windows 10, but users setting up their computers for the first time have to actively seek it from the Windows Accessories folder in the Start menu since it is not pinned to the taskbar by default.  
The American pygmy shrew (Sorex hoyi) is a small shrew found in Northern Alaska, Canada and the northern United States, south through the Appalachian Mountains.  
The song is so popular in South African culture that it is often referred to as South Africa's second national anthem.  
Urysohn's lemma is a lemma that states that a topological space is normal if and only if any two disjoint closed subsets can be separated by a continuous function.  
Its most successful event has been Wrestling, where it has won 42 medals, 21 of which have been Gold.  
It is the first book in a series titled Lockwood & Co., and was released on August 29, 2013 by Random House in the United Kingdom, and by Disney-Hyperion in the United States on September 17, 2013.Lockwood & Co. revolves around Lucy Carlyle, as she joins the charming Anthony Lockwood and George Cubbins to investigate the hauntings across London.  
Supporters of the idea point to instances in which bloggers have brought about political change by posting about issues that mainstream media had not paid much attention to.  
Ole Rex is a 1961 American action film directed by Robert Hinkle and written by Robert Hinkle and Jack Specht.  
Ocrisiodes ruptifasciella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ocrisiodes.  
Premasinghe made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92.  
Air Canada Cargo Limited Partnership offers cargo services on domestic and transborder flights, utilizing the cargo capacity on aircraft operated by Air Canada and Air Canada Jazz on domestic and transborder routes.  
The Council was established in 1995.  
He died of TB.  
It is located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and is a member of both the New York Interschool and the Ivy Preparatory School League.  
In 2012, she appeared in Joe Wright's film adaptation of Anna Karenina.  
He later found employment with the sports attache at the Australian Embassy in Paris and late as a senior adviser to the Victorian sports minister.  
His best year on offense was 1961 when he caught 5 passes, 2 for touchdowns, including one for 94 yards.  
Owens was a long-time head coach of Colorado College, and is now the head coach of the Sioux Falls Stampede.  
The re-release, Street Halo / Kindred, placed on the Ultratop 50 albums chart.  
Denberg was discovered by producers at a drama competition; she was invited to audition and got the gig.  
The brand has also partnered with various companies including Levi's, Starbucks, Nixon, Loot Crate and J.Crew to sell exclusive release products, as well as collaborating with MythBusters' Adam Savage and reporter John Dickerson to create special editions.  
It served as a stagecoach stop, inn along the Erie Extension Canal, post office from 1842 to 1857, farm supply and general store, and stop on the Buffalo and Conneaut trolley line.  
JunoCam (or JCM) is the visible-light camera/telescope of the Juno Jupiter orbiter, a NASA space probe launched to the planet Jupiter on 5 August 2011.  
This is a list of albums and singles by the Celtic rock group Runrig.  
The third single "Man to Man" became his first number one hit.  
After the poem was written, the relationship between Coleridge and Godwin cooled and the poem was not reprinted.  
Pain also won three medals in the men's skeleton event at the FIBT World Championships with two golds (2003, 2005) and a silver (2001).  
Cameroon sent a delegation consisting of only 2 competitors for the event competing in a single sporting event.  
The Japanese word "kimidori" refers to a light green color.  
Its main purpose was to prevent Union supporters of the Creek Nation, led by Opothleyahola from fleeing Indian Territory to the protection of Union forces in Kansas.  
Its mascot is the eagle.  
Michele Medda (born December 7, 1962) is an Italian comics writer.  
S.J.A de Villiers died on 20 September 2010, at the age of 91.  
It ran 74 minutes and was intended for a 90 minute commercial time slot.  
The men's 50 meter freestyle competition at the 1991 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 25 at the Kinsmen Sports Center.  
Independent businessman Ross Perot of Texas finished in third, with 22.80% of the popular vote.  
Along the principles of Octavia Hill's schemes, the company used female rent-collectors, including Beatrice Potter (later Webb), one of the founders of the London School of Economics & Political Science and Ella Pycroft, who ran the Buildings alongside Maurice Eden Paul.  
Most race meetings have the classes spread over two grids, with the 1000 and 1400 cars on one, and the 2000 classes on another.  
However, the site was edited heavily by Government officials, rendering pointless the exercise to interact with the public.  
It is a major xanthophyll found in green leafy vegetables such as spinach.  
Jaffe's music has been performed across the United States, Europe, and China (including the Nottingham, Tanglewood, and Oregon Bach Festivals) by ensembles including the National Symphony Orchestra, the R.A.I. of Rome, the North Carolina Symphony, the San Francisco Symphony, the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, the Miami String Quartet, and the Ciompi Quartet.  
He is the only IAS officer to have served as Chief Secretary of two states Bihar & Jharkhand.  
To make ends meet, the WCTU had to rent out not only the office space but to go into the function hall business, using the public space.  
Forchion held a hunger strike for nearly two weeks while being held without bail, calling himself a political prisoner.  
They weighed 35 to 50 pounds and cost $40 to $150.  
Solo Cup Company is located in Lake Forest, Illinois, and in 2006 had sales of $2.4 billion.  
Rasbora kottelati is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.  
Ethnically, the people are mostly Kaguru.  
Aspinall made a single first-class appearance for Manchester against Yorkshire in 1844 at Moss Lane, Manchester.  
The hatchery was established near Spearfish, South Dakota in 1896, with the purpose of introducing and establishing populations of trout in the Black Hills of South Dakota and Wyoming.  
Purasawalkam assembly constituency was part of Chennai Central (Lok Sabha constituency).  
It largely replaced the Aoraki electorate, but included parts of the Rakaia electorate as well.  
Night People was announced in August, followed by the single release of the title-track.  
However LaRose is reported to have found Damache much less impressive in person, and to have tried to tip off the FBI herself, thinking they would pay to return her to the USA.  
In the following year, nine AH-1F Cobras were delivered, followed by eight more in 1985, and four more in 1987.  
Its current incumbent is The Rev. Sohan Lal, whose ecclesiastical designation is presbyter-in-charge.  
A clock was installed on the facade in 1927.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 2, 1990.  
Although Mobb Deep were credited as guest, only Prodigy appears on the song.  
Some of the new additions to Empire Earth II were four new civilizations and several other new features.  
New rights are recognized and enforced from time to time.  
Seefeld-Kadolz is a town in the district of Hollabrunn in Lower Austria, Austria.  
Its only species, Caviana fuscella, described in the same publication, is found in Belize.  
William Rittenhouse, grandfather of the astronomer David Rittenhouse, built the first paper mill in America along Paper Mill Run in the late 17th century.  
He was first elected in 2013, becoming the city's youngest councilor.  
The group arose in the early 1950s from the exploration efforts at Floyd Collins Crystal Cave, now within Mammoth Cave National Park.  
He is listed as one of the wealthiest individuals in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.  
The 1996 Copa del Rey was the 60th edition of the Spanish basketball Cup.  
Jon Fishman (born February 19, 1965) is an American drummer best known for his work with the band Phish.  
The Women's 100 meter freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships was held on 6 August with the heats and the semifinals and 7 August with the final.  
Emerson Electric's AN/APG-69 is an X band coherent pulse doppler radar originally designed for the F-20 Tigershark aircraft.  
He played 5 years in Major League Baseball between 1996 and 2002.  
The NWA: San Francisco version of the championship was abandoned in when promoter Joe Malcevicz closed his promotion in 1962.In 1961 Roy Shire started a rival wrestling promotion in San Francisco called Big Time Wrestling, in direct competition with NWA: San Francisco.  
The 1963 Asian Baseball Championship was the fifth continental tournament held by the Baseball Federation of Asia.  
The journal covers research related to optoelectronics, laser science, imaging, communications, and other aspects of photonics and was established in January 2007.  
Poecilopeplus batesi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.  
Christopher Norton Moore (born 1 June 1947) is a British illustrator, particularly noted for his book covers, especially in the field of science fiction.  
The Pickthorn Baronetcy, of Orford in the County of Suffolk, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.  
The museum came into being when in 1841 the Montrose Natural History and Antiquarian Society started a fund to expand its space; in order to house its curiosities and wonders ranging from geological and ethnographical artifacts to a collection of natural history objects and fine art.  
The Cawthra family of Toronto was famous for its business, social and cultural contributions to the city.  
The Green Grotto Caves are show caves and a prominent tourist attraction on the north coast of Jamaica.  
It is part of the Market Drayton Churches Together group of churches and Market Drayton Food Bank.  
Many publications use the synonyms Melanthium latifolium and Veratrum latifolium, but the "hybridum" epithet is 9 years older than the "latifolium," so Veratrum hybridum is now the accepted name.  
The 1988 British Grand Prix (formally the XLI Shell Oils British Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 10 July 1988 at the Silverstone Circuit, Silverstone.  
He is best known for his high-energy Game Boy pop songs.  
They participated at 2009 Selectia Nationala with the song Dear Mama, where they finished in a tie for the second place.  
This list is about AIK players with at least 100 league appearances.  
Samsung later announced the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 would also support the accessory.  
In all, her Doctor Who and related work (Bernice Summerfield stories), consists of five novels, a number of short stories and four original audio plays.  
It is the junction between Harraf Street, Tahvili Street and Laleh Street.  
Citizen rights were also reinstated somewhat.  
The title Primate was applied to the Archbishop of Carthage and Tunis for a time from 1894 till Tunisian independence in 1964.  
The school stressed scientific and technological studies.  
He has championed the argument that "Africa is poor because she is not free", that the primary cause of African poverty is less a result of the oppression and mismanagement by colonial powers, but rather a result of modern oppressive native autocrats and socialist central planning policies.  
Construction of the 225,000-square-meter Stadium on a 650,000-square-meter site was completed in February 2015.  
The movie stars Kirk Douglas, Lauren Bacall, Doris Day, Hoagy Carmichael, and Juano Hernandez, and was directed by Michael Curtiz and produced by Jerry Wald.  
La Lanterne magique is the title of a former French 19th-century weekly, published on saturdays.  
The Los Coyotes LPGA Classic was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1989 to 1992.  
Phrissolaus inspersus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Phrissolaus.  
The movies were a combination of adventure, comedy, romance, and music.  
Tony Sokol (born March 23, 1963, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American playwright, writer and composer best known for writing the theatrical horror series La Commedia Del Sangue: Vampyr Theater in New York City.  
On first publication it was illustrated by Adrienne Adams, but later editions were illustrated by Barbara Cooney; the British Puffin edition is illustrated by Sheila Bewley.  
Dorcadion cineriferum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
Two models with onboard analog input exist: the M7CL-32 and M7CL-48.  
Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron 10 (HS-10), a shore-based unit of Helicopter Anti-Submarine Wing, U.S. Pacific Fleet, was established on 30 June 1960 at NALF Imperial Beach, California.  
SDI Media Denmark is one of SDI Media Group's international branches.  
Vehicles may also save fuel by continuing through a station when there is no need to stop.  
The cover features the drawing of a nurse and is dedicated to the womanhood of all nations.  
The song's music video was created by Harvey White and premiered on American TV in June 1998.  
The county was organized November 16, 1820 and named after pioneer Captain Stephen Cole, an Indian fighter and pioneer settler, who built Cole's Fort in Boonville.  
Cacostola fuscata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
In the record world, he has collaborated with The Wallflowers' Rami Jaffee and blues guitarist Kenny Wayne Shepherd.  
Pachyceramyia robusta is a species of house fly the family Muscidae.  
Originally formed in 1984 by guitarist Damian Thompson and vocalist Lynda "Tam" Simpson, Sacrilege is a female-fronted band from the Midlands region of England.  
Windows Server 2012 received generally good reviews in spite of having included the same controversial Metro-based user interface seen in Windows 8.  
It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City.  
Nicola Campinoti (born 20 May 1992 in Massa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Massese.  
The song, and its accompanying acoustic B-side "I Don't Mind", are from the group's second studio album Empty Days & Sleepless Nights.  
Also in 1995, Ma Bo's mother, Yang Mo, a prominent writer herself, was diagnosed with terminal cancer.  
Sundarapandiapuram is a panchayat town in Tirunelveli district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.  
In 2015, she was named the 14th bestselling author over the last five years on Amazon's Kindle in the UK.  
The song peaked at number one in Norway and Denmark, becoming their sixth top 10 single.  
Puncturella parvinobilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.  
In the Grand Final, Storm defeated Parramatta 23-16 with Billy Slater named the Clive Churchill Medalist.  
East Garafraxa is a rural township in Dufferin County, Ontario, Canada, to the west of Orangeville and within relative commuting distance of Toronto, Brampton, Guelph, and Kitchener.  
It is named after Saint Margaret, wife of King Malcolm III of Scotland.  
Subsequent to that great defeat, during which his Swabians were routed by Richard I of Capua, Werner conquered a swathe of Adriatic territory centered on the Pentapolis.  
The warmest salt water beaches north of Virginia can be found on the Northumberland Strait, at Parlee Beach in Shediac.  
The Pretenders, released in 1995.  
The number of steps ranges from 30 in the Perplexus Twist, to 125 in the Perplexus Epic.  
It is not listed in the contents of Nightmares & Dreamscapes.  
This is a discography of the Bolton, England rock band Kinesis.  
Occasionally it is also used in corporate accounts.  
It is a clumpy, mat-forming subshrub growing no more than 14 centimeters high.  
It is associated in particular with Rangers F.C..  
If this shuffle keeps the top card on top and the bottom card on bottom, then it is an out shuffle, otherwise it is known as an in shuffle.  
These changes are called degradation.  
Scientific Reports is an online open access scientific mega journal published by the Nature Publishing Group, covering all areas of the natural sciences.  
The film has won multiple awards at film festivals and was nominated for an Academy Award in the Live Action Short Film category in 2004.  
Brian Emanuel Nieva (born April 18, 1990 in Avellaneda (Buenos Aires), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for J.J. de Urquiza of the Primera C in Argentine.  
As Crystal Lake's second oldest school, it was constructed from 1976 to 1978 and opened in September 1978 after Crystal Lake Community High School, now Crystal Lake Central High School, split into two schools due to the pressures of the population growth in the communities it served, Crystal Lake, and part of Lake in the Hills.  
Beginning in 2002, she was one of 15 students selected from more than 500 applicants.  
An umbrella group, The Reading Globe Alliance (TREGA), facilitates exchange of information between the groups.  
The maxim operated with another, in pari causa turpitudinis cessat repetitio (where both parties are guilty, no one may recover), to preclude a court from intervening in a dispute involving an unlawful transaction.  
The film's cast also includes Louis Ferreira, London Juno, Damir Andrei and Earl Pastko.  
It was first dropped on SoundCloud on 8 July 2015 and will be released on 18 September 2015.  
The only isolate infects the marine photosynthetic protist Micromonas pusilla, a prasinophyte.  
For more than a century (the bell) was rung daily morning, noon and evening, at stated hours, besides announcing hours of religious services and alarms of fire, tolling for departed citizens, and pealing in honor of independence days and other occasions of joy.  
SuperBrawl IX was the ninth SuperBrawl professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW).  
Roscoea bhutanica is a perennial herbaceous plant native to the mountains of Bhutan and Tibet.  
He is a veteran of the Korean War and later worked as an educator in Iowa, California, Minnesota, along with South Dakota, as a teacher, supervisor, and principal.  
The character Seven of Nine arrived just as the character Kes was leaving, and was intended to introduce a foil to Captain Kathryn Janeway in a similar manner as Spock in Star Trek: The Original Series.  
It was won by the Labor candidate Fred Marshall.  
The six Grosset & Dunlap titles were issued in dust jacket; the Clover Books reprints and their two original titles have picture covers and no dust jackets.  
The site of the original inn is now part of the approach to London Bridge in Cannon Street.  
In addition to her duties in Illinois, Hutchinson also currently serves as the President of National Conference of State Legislatures.  
Before he died on July 16, 2014, he had largely completed work on Step Back, which was released on September 2, 2014.  
The county seat is Columbiana.  
It is the band's first album released via Fueled by Ramen, and is their major-label debut album.  
Matthew 5:12 is the twelfth verse of the fifth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament.  
In September 2011 the BBC highlighted a modern example of a particularly intricate memory box, in the form of a Pantheon Theater, containing over 10,000 pieces of marquetry, taking 18 months to create.  
Two Eleven debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with first week sales of 65,000 copies, becoming Norwood's fourth top ten and her first in eight years.  
The Grand Brighton Hotel is a historic Victorian sea front hotel in Brighton on the south coast of England.  
Piping also has many other industrial applications, which are crucial for moving raw and semi-processed fluids for refining into more useful products.  
Schweinfurt Army Heliport Schweinfurt Army Heliport is a military facility near Schweinfurt, being part of U.S. Army Garrison Schweinfurt.  
As of the 2010 census, the population was 59,173.  
The album was produced by Kurt Ballou also of Converge.  
After serving as superintendent of the state penitentiary, he was elected State Auditor in 1864 and 1866.  
It is often seen in cemeteries and clearings for power lines.  
Gray seals are often spotted to the west of the bay.  
They formed at the city's university, going through various line-up changes before settling on their current roster in 2001.  
Carper is currently the dean of the Delaware congressional delegations.  
The SS Alacrity was a 353 gross tons tug built in Graville, France in 1893 as Jean Bart and was operated by the Dunkirk Chamber of Commerce.  
The Elite 1 Mile Race will also take place in Stockton on Tees that weekend after moving from Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the first time.  
Barin becomes one of Flash's best friends, and is deeply in love with Princess Aura.  
It won numerous awards, including nine Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and a Peabody Award.  
Its former name is Sheerwater Secondary School.  
The journal was established in 1997 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Association of British Pediatric Nurses.  
Because Rosport's stadium was not up to UEFA standards, the match was played at Stade Josy Barthel, the stadium of the Luxembourg national team.  
The destroyer escort's keel was laid down by Consolidated Steel Corp. at their yard in Orange, Texas on 24 January 1944.  
McLean worked as a curator of Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County from 1964 to 2001 and was a Curator Emeritus there until his death in November 2016.  
It draws most of its support from the country's Hindu majority.  
It was formerly known as Radio Noon, which continues to be the name of the similar noon-hour programs on CBC Radio One's stations in Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador.  
The future of the party in the aftermath of the defeat is unclear.  
The consumer group states that "according to CSPI nutritionists, the 33 grams of sugar in each bottle of Vitaminwater do more to promote obesity, diabetes and other health problems than the vitamins in the drinks do to perform the advertised benefits listed on the bottles".  
Achyranthes mutica (also called blunt chaff flower) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family.  
Tsao grew up in College Park, Maryland, attending Springbrook High School.  
Star is the third book in the Chronicles of the Shadow War trilogy.  
Le Temple is a commune of the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.  
According to the story, Christopher Wren, who helped design the Oakes family mansion, said Connecticut has "a kind of American beauty," resembling Kent but possessing larger and higher landscapes.  
He is currently the assistant manager of Rochdale.  
Helen Louise Thorington (born November 16, 1928 in Philadelphia, PA) is an American sound artist and writer.  
Both major parties held their primaries on June 14.  
It Came from the Sea is a DJ mix album, mixed by Bonobo, released as part of the Solid Steel DJ mix series for Ninja Tune.  
In Your Eyes, set in New Mexico and New Hampshire, follows Dylan and Rebecca.  
Ebenezer Joseph Tettley "Ben" Kudjodji (born 23 April 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker.  
Grand Mound is a community and census-designated place (CDP) in Thurston County, Washington, United States.  
In 2009 at the age of 17 he became the youngest person to sail around the world solo.  
Sodium/potassium-transporting ATPase subunit alpha-4 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the ATP1A4 gene.  
Keith Urban (also known as Keith Urban II) is the second studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban.  
At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 17,538 people living in 2956 households.  
The wing is specifically designed to create a positive environment for new inmates, and also has amenities for prisoners aged 15 and 16.In 2013 an inspection report that concluded offenders were "exposed to unacceptable levels of violence", including bones broken after the use of force by staff.  
It was formed by breeders who wanted to preserve the history and heritage of the lines and how they were evolved.  
The Slocan Valley is a valley in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada.  
The population was 3,830 at the 2010 census.  
But the broader war against the disease is just getting started.  
The population was 1,717 at the 2010 census.  
The post has been known as Minister of Finance & Planning, when the portfolio includes national planning.  
Of note are his works y Ymdrafodaeth (1875) and The Penrhyn Lock-out (1900).  
It has formerly been treated as a subfamily of Gelechiidae, but is now recognized as a separate family, comprising about 2300 species worldwide.  
In 1971, one of The Irish Rovers sings the song in one sketch as part of one of the episodes of The Irish Rovers Show.  
As risks occur on a project, and money is needed to pay for them, the contingency can be transferred to the appropriate accounts that need it.  
He had an instrumental role in maintaining the fortunes of the Vuanirewa under the reign of his relative Malani.  
Munn began his broadcasting career as a senior at Phoenix Carl Hayden High School, then later announced games at Phoenix College in the late 1970s.  
GPS Tuner is the name of a software company based in Budapest, Hungary, and of a software product they make.  
In July 2016 All or Nothing acquired a group of companies being Trafalgar Ales & Meads, Trafalgar Artisanal Distillery and Pioneer Black Creek Brewery to gain access to bricks and mortar production.  
Helga Kohl is a photographer born in Poland and based in Namibia whose work explores abandoned diamond mine towns in Namibia.  
Robert Keith Dibble (born January 24, 1964) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher and television analyst.  
Keith Smith (born 15 September 1940) is an English retired footballer, who played as a forward.  
He is the last manager at St Vincents to win the Division One Minor Hurling Championship in 2002.  
Before launching his own line, he designed for Marc by Marc Jacobs, and Cristiano Ronaldo for two labels, for underwear and socks from 2013 and then for shirts from 2014.In 2008, he released a capsule line under Target's Go International.  
Hear the Music is the third album by the pop rock duo England Dan & John Ford Coley.  
Although the Republicans gained a plurality, the Democrats narrowly maintained control of the House with minor party support, forming an alliance with the remaining third-party Progressives and Socialist Meyer London.  
The locomotive is located at the Tweetsie Railroad theme park.  
The cornerstone for the new hospital was laid on 18 August 1859 by the Cape Governor Sir George Gray.  
He also authored A Cultural History of Climate.  
Kurunthancode, Agastiswaram and Thackalai, are the nearby towns to Pillayarvilai.  
From 2010 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Tlaxcala.  
In 1919, it merged with the Postmen's Federation and the Postal and Telegraph Clerks' Association, forming the Union of Post Office Workers.  
Higher Swineshaw Reservoir is the highest reservoir in a series of four in the Brushes valley above Stalybridge in Greater Manchester.  
The Residents originally got their name when the demo tape they recorded in 1971 (later called The Warner Bros. Album) was rejected and returned to "residents," since no name of the band had been provided.  
Today the Heiltsuk control the site, which houses a BC Ferries terminal, fish plant, and two houses, as well as archeological remains of the old village.  
The cast of performers includes an orchestra, a large mixed choir, an instrument with visual effects, dancers, a procession, incense, and rhythmic textural articulation.  
Whitestone School is a member of the Association of Trust Schools (ATS) and the Head is a member of the Conference of Heads of Independent Schools in Zimbabwe (CHISZ).  
Lost Chapters is the twelfth studio album released by West Coast rapper Mr. Capone-E on October 27, 2009.  
This corresponded to version Internet Explorer 4.0 to 6.x, but not Internet Explorer 7.HTML could be added both in place of the regular wallpaper and as independent resizable desktop items.  
The Latin title is a quotation from the Vulgate text of the first chapter of the Gospel of Saint Luke, describing the Annunciation, where Mary accepts the message brought to her by the Angel Gabriel that she would give birth to a child (Jesus) by God.  
The Great Northern Railway Trail is a cycleway and footpath in the Bradford District of West Yorkshire, England.  
Alege is a Bendi language of Nigeria.  
Cardew House, a 16th-century farmhouse built for the Denton family, is a country house of note and Cardew Lodge, a hunting lodge built for Major General William Henry Lowther, is a country house built in the style of an Indian bungalow.  
Anne O'Garra FRS FMedSci (born 1954) is a British immunologist who has made important discoveries on the mechanism of action of Interleukin 10.  
It features guest appearances from Nicki Minaj, Lil Uzi Vert, and 21 Savage, with production from Southside, DJ Spinz, Rex Kudo, and Charlie Handsome.  
Isopsestis cuprina is a moth in the Drepanidae family.  
The Junkers L88 was Junkers' first geared V-12 engine, appearing c.1930 and based on a pair of 6-cylinder L8s.  
In 2003, after meeting with FSF founder Richard Stallman, the President of India Dr. Abdul Kalam urged Indian computer scientists and professionals to use free and open-source software in research and development.  
This page lists all peers who held extant titles between the years 1330 and 1339.  
It has been certified triple platinum with sales over three million albums.  
The program also has Panahon.  
The Apple Maggot Quarantine Area is a permanent quarantine area established by the U.S. state of Washington.  
The Hari Niwas Palace is a palace in Jammu, India.  
It first entered direct marketing in 1972 and began marketing computer equipment in 1981.  
Thomas Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal parish and church on Hill Street in Beattyville, Kentucky.  
Bewdley is a historic plantation house located near St. Stephens Church, King and Queen County, Virginia.  
The mission of W.R.L.I.S was "to make Round Lake desirable and attractive as a place of residence and in all ways to study to keep pace with the progressive spirit of the age."  
In 1967 the faculty was divided into Flemish and French speaking departments, and they exist today as faculties of two separate universities.  
Students and staff writers were always encouraged to bring in friends and siblings, to broaden the number of students involved on the paper, and have 'L.A. youth' voices heard.  
The Rise of the Tang Empire is a Chinese television series based on the events in the Zhenguan era during the reign of Emperor Taizong of the Tang dynasty.  
Stop Handgun Violence was founded in 1995 by Boston developer John Rosenthal with Michael Kennedy, son of assassinated former U.S. attorney general and presidential candidate Robert Kennedy.  
Belchertown (previously known as Cold Spring and Belcher's Town) is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.  
Bolands Center is a heritage-listed department store at Lake Street, Cairns, Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia.  
It is the thirteenth event of sixteen in the 2018 Supercars Championship and was Race 25 of the season.  
It is north-west of the city center.  
From 1990 to 2016 she managed a store, Saray, located in the heart of the Roman Ghetto in via Portico d'Ottavia.  
Situated in the central region of the Indian state of Kerala, the Eparchy of Kothamangalam lies extended in Ernakulam and Idukkii districts of Kerala, neighboring the Archeparchy of Ernakulam-Angamaly, eparchies of Irinjalakuda, Idukki and Pala.  
Uptownship is a 1989 studio album by South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela.  
The group stops at various public events, as well as schools, camps and other gatherings of people to make educational presentations.  
CKIS-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 92.5 MHz in Toronto, Ontario.  
Then Again is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1965 and released on the Atlantic label.  
It is largely an alpine climate species, growing at elevations above 9,000 feet.  
Be Killed is the debut studio album from the supergroup Killer Be Killed featuring Greg Puciato of The Dillinger Escape Plan, Max Cavalera of Soulfly/ex-Sepultura, Troy Sanders of Mastodon, and Dave Elitch of the Mars Volta.  
Mary Matha Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Theni district, Tamil Nadu, India, providing both elementary and secondary education.  
The Guerilla Band is an album by American pianist Hal Galper released on the Mainstream label in 1971.  
SMA Negeri 8 Jakarta is known for its selective admission process, achievements in science competitions such as the National Science Olympiad, and an excellent performance of its students in the Indonesian university entrance examination known as SNMPTN.  
The New York Film Critics Online (NYFCO) is an organization founded by Harvey Karten in 2000 composed of Internet film critics based in New York City.  
The film was released on June 3, 1962, by 20th Century Fox.  
It is the first in a series about Theodore Boone.  
The lumbar vertebrae help support the weight of the body, and permit movement.  
In 2005, he had to quit the post of Rector, when he was indicted on bribery charges.  
The film stars Vishnu Unnikrishnan, Askar Ali, Sumith Samudra, and Ajayaghosh.  
God Speed is a painting by British artist Edmund Leighton, depicting an armored knight departing to war and leaving his beloved.  
Their most striking feature, however, are the combed nails of the hind tarsi, that show fine teeth.  
Near the end of the Civil War Fort Cummings was established near the spring and stage station to protect travelers along the stage route and as a base of operations in the Apache Wars in the following decades.  
Ramudu Bheemudu is a 1988 Telugu, drama film, produced by C.H.V.V. Satyanarayana on Satyam Cine Enterprises banner and directed by K. Murali Mohana Rao.  
They are used as in-band signaling to cause effects other than the addition of a symbol to the text.  
Realizing he was about to die, it is said that Eufemio asked the man to end his suffering and give him a quick death.  
While with the Rivermen, Fletcher was signed to a NHL contract with affiliate, the St. Louis Blues.  
On the island is a converted monastery used as an institution for political prisoners.  
The ICAR Universal (I.C.A.R. Universal) was a 1930s Romanian two seat monoplane trainer, touring and aerobatics aircraft.  
Youth & Young Manhood is the debut album from American rock band Kings of Leon, released on July 7, 2003, in the United Kingdom and on August 19, 2003, in the United States.  
Widgeon is a heritage variety of wheat that has traditionally been used for thatching in the UK.  
ThreeSixty is Hong Kong's largest retailer of natural foods and organic foods.  
During the 1970s, Chrome's music did not fit into any particular music scene in America, and people found it hard to know how to book the band or promote and distribute their music.  
The album was used as source material for the remix album Ikebana: Merzbow's Amlux Rebuilt, Reused and Recycled.  
There were no foreign members elected this year.  
It stars Lindsay Hartley, Crystal Hunt, Vanessa Marcil, Chrystee Pharris, and Hunter Tylo, along with Donna Mills as a fictionalized version of herself.  
An ordinary election for six judges of the International Criminal Court was held during the resumption of the 4th session of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court in New York on 26 January 2006.  
Honesty Day is celebrated on April 30 in the United States to encourage honesty and straightforward communication in politics, relationships, consumer relations and historical education.  
Paroxypropione is a synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen which has been used medically as an antigonadotropin in Spain and Italy but appears to no longer be marketed.  
The journal covers both research and material dealing with continuing medical education and society guidelines.  
Punjab Cricket Association is the governing body of the Cricket activities in the state of Punjab and the Union Territory of Chandigarh in India and the Punjab cricket team.  
InSinkErator is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin.  
The house was torched by the IRA on 8 August 1922.  
The vast majority of all the engines are still in service, as of 2018, having become a icon for the Romanian Railways.  
A dance club now occupies the space.  
It is currently commanded by a Lieutenant-Commander.  
In 1972 he was part of the Cuban team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament.  
Golden Spoon Frozen Yogurt is a frozen yogurt retail chain headquartered in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.  
It was inaugurated by then Speaker of Lok Sabha on 29 December 1989, in Parliament House Annexe, subsequently it shifted to its present in a Special Hall of the Sansadiya Gyanpeeth, Parliament Library Building, where it was inaugurated on 7 May 2002 by President of India, K. R. Narayanan.  
Sneazwell won the 1963 Helms Award as the most outstanding amateur athlete in Australasia.  
What ensues is Nashe's detailed critique of Harvey's pamphlet attacking him, with frequent interruptions from the four others deriding the doctor, his style, his past, his pretensions to scholarship, his family background and his supporters, especially one anonymous gentlewoman.  
Military humor portrays a wide range of characters and situations in the armed forces.  
Since the late 1970s Vandenburgh has worked as a developmental editor for such publishers as San Francisco-based Chronicle Books, Counterpoint Press and for the Book Club of California.  
The relative weight of a declaration, and the ability to catch on, help to distinguish true election surprises from minor events.  
The patent-leather beetle or "Jerusalem beetle" (Odontotaenius disjunctus) is a beetle in the family Passalidae which can grow to just over an inch-and-a-half long.  
King James (foaled 1905 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.  
1.2 meter Millimeter-Wave Telescope at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and its twin instrument at CTIO in Chile have been studying the distribution and properties of molecular clouds in our Galaxy and its nearest neighbors since the 1970s.  
The flags of France, Italy, Romania, Mexico, and Ireland were all first adopted with the formation of an independent republic in the period of the French Revolution to the Revolutions of 1848, with the exception of the Irish tricolor, which dates from 1848 but was not popularized until the Easter Rising in 1916 and adopted in 1919.  
The movie was a product of the Division of Films of the Committee on Public Information, the Washington, DC-based federal agency in charge of wartime propaganda in the United States.  
Although there are incorporated areas in the northwest, the city does not have any parks in that region.  
He co-created Whose Line Is It Anyway? alongside Mark Leveson, initially on BBC radio before moving with it to Channel 4, and then onward to ABC.  
He was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1600, and was called to the bar there in 1610.  
Pseudorhaphitoma agna is a small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.  
Veneer Magazine is a subscription-based art publication.  
Liberty Township is one of the twenty townships of Darke County, Ohio, United States.  
Franco and Herrera defeated Beltran and Martinez in the quarter-finals, denying the Mexicans a place on the podium, and then beat Bolivians Conrado Moscoso and Mario Mercado in the semi-finals.  
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing his fight to John Courtis of Great Britain.  
At some shows, the album version gets performed, while at others they play the edited version instead.  
The Berklee Performance Center is a 1,215-seat theater located on Massachusetts Ave.  
It was promoted on the band's Tropical Gypsy Tour in April and May 2016.  
It is heavily inspired by Gnosticism which Ginsberg came to know after reading Hans Jonas's book on the subject.  
Since suppression of the protein is associated with accelerated apoptosis, it is also suggested to have an important cytoprotective role in hypoxia-induced cellular perturbation.  
Reuters reported that Iran's Culture and Islamic Guidance Minister Mohammad Hosseini had confirmed that Iran would boycott.  
It consists of willows, mostly white (Salix alba), there are also some other shrub willows and alders along with oaks and other species.  
American wild ale generally refers to beers brewed in America using yeast or bacteria in addition to Saccharomyces cerevisiae for fermentation.  
The James Milne House is an historic Gothic Revival home built by carpenter James Milne, located in Oregon City, Oregon, United States.  
The defending champion, Stephen Hendry, was defeated in the last 16 by Marcus Campbell.  
Steffen, Jamais Cascio, and Jon Lebkowsky, along with some other frequent contributors to Sterling's Viridian notes, formed the Worldchanging blog.  
One variant is made as a lace-up shoe rather than a slip-on shoe.  
The Antares A-10 Solo is a Ukrainian ultralight trike designed and produced by Antares Aircraft.  
In 2000, the USGS launched the new Urban Areas program, which will ultimately take high-resolution color aerial photographs of about 100 major American cities.  
The Fuller Brush Man is a 1948 comedy film starring Red Skelton as a door-to-door salesman for the Fuller Brush Company who becomes a murder suspect.  
He continue work there throughout his teenage years until 1870 when he accepted a position as fireman on the Meadville-based Atlantic and Great Western Railroad line.  
The crossing had always been tolled, and from 1 April 2003 this became a charge, though since 2008 it has been free from 10 pm to 6 am.  
The White Doe or The Doe in the Woods is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy.  
It is named after Ymir, a village east of Trail, B.C. and south of Nelson, B.C..  
Dax is one of a number of Colas (Children of Limitless Ability), young people who possess amazing supernatural powers.  
Terese Pencak Schwartz (born in Wildflecken, Germany) is an American writer, historian, publicist and fine art photographer, who studied journalism and communication arts at the Michigan State University.  
Pan is an 1894 novel by Norwegian author Knut Hamsun.  
By contrast, The Rake's Progress was an instant hit and has remained in the repertoires of a number of ballet companies.  
While in school, he focused on sprints and decathlon, before concentrating on 800 meters running.  
First Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as First United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 200 S. 200 East in Salt Lake City, Utah.  
Many reporters and analysts believe that large banks purposely leave ambiguous the proportion of proprietary versus non-proprietary trading, because it is felt that proprietary trading is riskier and results in more volatile profits.  
The editor-in-chief is Ida Stamhuis (Vrije Universiteit and Aarhus University).  
Guest stars who appeared throughout the series run include Paul Nicholas, Brooke Kinsella, Gary Lucy, and Sylvia Syms.  
In November 2014, Wang was invited to design a series of virtual stickers/large-sized emoji for Line (application), making him the first Taiwanese celebrity to design purchasable stickers for the company.  
This surface can then be inked using proprietary oil based printing ink and impressions made using a simple pressure printing press.  
The inscription is the only known instance of Cretan hieroglyphs on stone and is significant as one of the longest Cretan hieroglyphs inscriptions.  
A partial dislocation is referred to as a subluxation.  
A member of the Broad Front, in 1989 he took part in the establishment of the moderate sector Vertiente Artiguista.  
On the UK album chart he had 30 entries with 11 of those making the top 10.  
If the animal waits for its partner before pulling, this suggests an understanding of cooperation.  
Irmas is an American director and producer.  
Unlicensed, but equivalent, versions may be called Spanish blackjack.  
The song "Caribou Lou" was later certified Gold in 2012, and certified platinum later in 2017.Eminem was set to appear on the track "My World" with Tech N9ne and Brotha Lynch but complications with his best friend Proof being killed led him to not being able to record his verse, so Dalima took over his spot on the album.  
The southeastern myotis (Myotis austroriparius) is a small bat found throughout the Gulf Coastal Plain and the Lower Mississippi Alluvial Plain of the southeastern United States.  
In 2010, it became part of the Central Military District.  
The film was later released on DVD as both Reactor and War of the Robots.  
The crossed hammers symbolize industry and mining, the trademarks of the first products produced in the town.  
It reached number 7 on the Oricon chart and number 14 on Billboard's Japan Hot 100.  
Lherm is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.  
For example, in chess, if a "node" is considered to be a legal position, the average branching factor has been said to be about 35.  
In 2008, Professor Webster was awarded the University of Wisconsin, College of Engineering, Polygon Engineering Council Outstanding Instructor Award.  
The squadron's capability took a major hit when a 1998 oxygen fire on the ground removed one of the EP-3Js from service.  
The Old Malthouse School (The OMH) was a preparatory school in the village of Langton Matravers near Swanage in the Isle of Purbeck, Dorset, United Kingdom.  
The film stars Luis Caballero and Miguel Angel Mamani as two half-brothers of mixed race who find themselves in a sprint to the Bolivia-Chile border.  
A sub-theme loosely based on a Polynesian concept, the Islanders, was released for 1994.  
SMK Cyberjaya is the concept of school-based IT BRIGHT School and began operations on June 14, 2004 with 4 students, 21 teachers, led by Principal Pioneer Tn.  
On February 22, 2013, after nearly two seasons in the CHL, Fox made his American Hockey League debut playing with the Houston Aeros.  
Only Zeus was able to satisfy Ganymede fully.  
The episode is significant in story arcs regarding the romance between detectives Laura Ballard and Paul Falsone and Lt.  
Kaan is the Hindi spelling of "Khan".  
Contenders is a 14-program series that was produced and aired by C-SPAN in the fall of 2011.  
The only change to the lyrics was exactly that: the phrase "Let's get together" in place of "C'mon everybody".  
The crater is named after Peder Horrebow.  
They recruited Larry Wallis (guitar, backing vocals) and Tim Taylor (bass).  
In 1833, a small room was added to the west side and in 1845, the original dwelling was raised to two stories and capped with a broad gable roof.  
Jo-Han was a manufacturer of plastic scale promotional model cars and kits originally based in Detroit.  
He had no sons and on his death in 1755, the line of the second Baronet failed.  
In 2003, Porlier was nominated for a CNoMA Award for The Santa Clause 2, but won the CNoMA for Door to Door.  
In England and Wales, Strategic Flood Risk Assessments (SFRAs) are a required part of the local planning process, as set out in Planning Policy Statement 25, produced by the Department for Communities and Local Government.  
The resulting folded tape will be 1/4 the width of the original fabric strip.  
The Trust ruled in November 2008 that the service would not be value for money and called instead for more improvements to be made to the existing programming.  
It glorifies the achievements of the Asante kingdom.  
While in the state legislature he advocated for libraries on a statewide level.  
In June the same year, his club side Tema Textiles Printing sacked him for not showing up for training.  
It is integrated with the KDE platform, so it embeds very well in Konqueror as a KParts component.  
Often human rights groups claim expert knowledge on the issue or issues it surveys through human rights observers as field researchers.  
Their product's server infrastructure was based on Microsoft Windows.  
He played eleven seasons in the National Football League with the Seattle Seahawks and the Philadelphia Eagles.  
The professional world rankings for all the professional snooker players, who qualified for the 2015/2016 season, are listed below.  
He is also one of the editors of a collection on the Ruthwell and Bewcastle crosses, and with Catherine Karkov edited an important collection on Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture; he contributed one essay, and three other essays are responses to his.  
Schelmish was a German Mittelalter rock band from the city of Bonn.  
Its boundaries are imprecise but the area roughly flanks Rockland Avenue.  
DeGarmo played keyboards and provided vocals for the band.  
Euplax dagohoyi is a species of crab in the family Macrophthalmidae.  
7 Chinese Brothers is a 2015 American comedy film written and directed by Bob Byington and starring Jason Schwartzman, Stephen Root, Olympia Dukakis, Jonathan Togo and Alex Karpovsky.  
It was published in an edition of 3,520 copies.  
Cashin' In is an American business analysis program, the fourth and last show of The Cost of Freedom business block, on Saturdays at 11:30 am ET on the Fox News Channel.  
Tricimba lineella is a species of frit fly in the family Chloropidae.  
Schloss Gobelsburg is a winery in the Kamptal wine growing region in Lower Austria, some 50 miles to the north west of Vienna.  
The former talk station also featured local talk show hosts Dale Pflug and Lester Lob.  
She also played RajKumari Sandhya in Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat.  
A certain amount also migrated as muhajirs in the 19th century to Iran, following the Russian conquest of the Caucasus.  
The medal is awarded in the name of the Secretary of Defense to members of the Armed Forces who, while serving in a joint activity, distinguish themselves by non-combat outstanding achievement or meritorious service, but not of a degree to warrant award of the Defense Superior Service Medal.  
He was the first British person to fight in the UFC, as well as the first person to beat Frank Mir, temporarily halting the young star's rise to Mixed Martial Arts superstardom, as Mir later went on to become UFC Heavyweight Champion.  
Kelly Round Barn is a historic round barn located near Halcottsville in Delaware County, New York, United States.  
Despite widespread general use in English and French, the term cardboard is deprecated in commerce and industry as not adequately defining a specific product.  
Fighting Fiction were a British punk rock band based for most of their career in Brighton, driven by core members Jacob Glew and Andrew Cooke.  
Their uniform is black shirt, black shorts and black socks.  
Cinderford's origins can be seen in the style and layout of the town, with long rows of identical terraced housing similar to those found in the mining villages of the South Wales Valleys.  
She was laid down on 11 January 1936, launched 16 March 1937 and not completed until 31 January 1939, being delayed by the British re-armament program.  
The men's high jump at the 1958 European Athletics Championships was held in Stockholm, Sweden, at Stockholms Olympiastadion on 23 and 24 August 1958.  
The station serves a historic community near Washington, D.C. that was a summer retreat for many of its citizens during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, but that recently have become year-round residences without destroying the outward appearance of the original structures in the community.  
The show airs each Sunday morning from 5:30am until 10am on the ABC Local Radio network and has been continuously presented by Ian McNamara since 1985.  
This is a list of episodes of the 5-min Disney Channel American sitcom, As the Bell Rings.  
While filming, Modine was encouraged by Kubrick to keep a diary of his experiences.  
The following are international rankings of Croatia.  
Its sound resembles the birdsong of a bird of the same name.  
After some days he was caught again and was killed in Konispol.  
The Philadelphia Dance Company (also known as Philadanco) is a professional dance company based in Philadelphia, PA that specializes in modern contemporary dance.  
The diff command displays the changes made in a standard format, such that both humans and machines can understand the changes and apply them: given one file and the changes, the other file can be created.  
Pleuronectinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family, comprising 27 genera and 62 extant species (there are also fossil species, including two Clidoderma).  
The mausoleum was heavily damaged during the Afghan Civil War.  
Campylorhaphion machaeropse is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod, in the family Eulimidae.  
George F. MacDonald (born 1938) is a Canadian anthropologist and museum director who pioneered archeological and ethnohistorical research on the Tsimshian and Gitksan and was the director of the Canadian Museum of Civilization from 1983 to 1998.  
He subsequently went into football management.  
Paul Malmont is an American author who has specialized in books considering the style and tropes of popular fiction of the past, making the writers of that popular fiction the heroes and protagonists of his own work.  
While Brown mainly paints directly on canvas, several of her works are made from screen-printing methods.  
He was Leader of AIFB in Rajya Sabha.  
The album consists of Jandek's vocals and mostly guitar instrumentation.  
Pelmatolapia is a genus of cichlids native to tropical Africa.  
A product of the Manchester United Academy, he has spent time on loan with Oldham Athletic, Scunthorpe United, Walsall, Yeovil Town, Doncaster Rovers, Preston North End and Aston Villa.  
We shall only be playing loud and fast songs, none of this prog nonsense.  
The highway parallels Interstate 80 its entire length.  
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1481.  
The population was 427 at the 2000 census and 475 at the 2010 census.  
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 2000.  
Howard Roseman (born June 23, 1975) is the executive vice president of football operations for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).  
Christiansen is a judge of the Utah Court of Appeals.  
These individual objectives may be fulfilled by unit test framework tools, stubs or drivers.  
The play takes place in South Africa during apartheid era, and depicts how institutionalized racism, bigotry or hatred can become absorbed by those who live under it.  
Huikap is a village in the Imphal East district of Manipur, India.  
Formed in late 2007, the current members of the band are Tim Beck (vocals), Mark T. Zeilman (bass), Pj Perez (guitar) and Jackie Pope (drums).  
Sorelianism is advocacy for or support of the ideology and thinking of French revolutionary syndicalist Georges Sorel.  
It was released posthumously on December 15, 1979 and peaked at number 30 on the British album charts.  
In August 1982 he was assigned as director of budget at Air Force headquarters, and in September 1984 he became comptroller of the Air Force.  
He also directed the Georgetown University law library from 1976 to 1981, and served on the Board of the AALL.  
Fillings are usually smooth, creamy peanut butter, but crunchy peanut butter, or peanut butter mixed with other flavors, is also used.  
It was released by Skam Records in 1996.  
Later on the same day a rocket fired from Gaza was intercepted by Iron Dome over Ashkelon.  
The breed was given the name of the latter village and the singular is thus also Faverolles, not Faverolle.  
Worship or deification of fire (also pyrodulia, pyrolatry or pyrolatria) is known from various religions.  
Stereomerus lineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
Neil Rafferty (a former political correspondent for The Sunday Times) and Paul Stokes (former business editor of The Scotsman), created the website in 2007 and remain the lead writers.  
It is found between 2500 and 3800m in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.  
It starred Bhumika Chawla, Ravi Babu, and Abbas.  
The company created some of the first commercial video-on-demand and video streaming products.  
The company's main clients were railways in Ohio, Michigan, New York, and Illinois, as well as streetcar operating companies in Akron, Detroit, Cleveland and Montreal, Quebec.  
The PRC asserts itself to be the sole legitimate government of China, and claims Taiwan as its 23rd province, even though the PRC itself has never had control of Taiwan or other ROC-held territories.  
Another group, Elaphrosaurinae, has also been placed within Noasauridae by some studies.  
It is known for its spacious single-family homes and lots, which were comparatively large for the 1920s.  
A person can have dysphagia without odynophagia (dysfunction without pain), odynophagia without dysphagia (pain without dysfunction) or both together.  
Fishpool is an area of Bury, in Greater Manchester, England.  
It is 70% lexically similar to Abia of the Yareban family.  
Subgroup P02 is part of the anatomical group P Antiparasitic products, insecticides and repellents.  
Its full name is Commission for the Conservation and Management of Highly Migratory Fish Stocks in the Western and Central Pacific Ocean. .  
Marcio-Andre de Sousa Haz (born March 2, 1978, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian writer, film director, performer, sound poet and theorist.  
Virginia Sarpy Peugnet (July 4, 1827 - August 11, 1917) was one of the three original grand dames of St. Louis, Missouri.  
A little over a thousand people participate in this event each year.  
According to the APG III, this family belongs to the order Malpighiales.  
Twenty-nine albums were in the top five/ten this year.  
It entered into force on 1 January 1912.  
Neighly briefly contributed a number of columns on the small press comics space to prominent portal Newsarama.  
The Best British Forward award is an annual British ice hockey award made to the best British forward as voted for by members of Ice Hockey Journalists UK.  
WMRX-FM (97.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Beaverton, Michigan in the United States, broadcasting a locally programmed Classic Hits format, in simulcast with sister station WMPX 1490 AM in Midland.  
While it is possible for any guild to do this on their own, setting up and maintaining a site requires constant maintenance, upgrades and integration of new software.  
Any given pyramidal cell in the stratum lucidum may get input from as many as 50 granule cells.  
Additionally, the minor planet 50000 Quaoar was named after the Tongva creator god.  
Unlike their benthic relatives the ascidians, thaliaceans are free-floating (pelagic) for their entire lifespan.  
Extraordinary People was a television documentary series produced by Granada Television and broadcast on the ITV network in the United Kingdom between 10 March 1992 and 23 March 1993.  
IFC Films is an American film production and distribution company based in New York City.  
Born in Ballysimon, Limerick, McDonogh first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of sixteen when he first linked up with the Limerick minor team.  
It originally opened in September 2013 as STEM Academy Tech City and specialized in Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (STEM) and the Creative Application of Maths and Science.  
The following is a list of football stadiums in the Netherlands, ordered by capacity.  
The pupae are "incomplete or obtect."  
He won several international tournaments and was awarded the titles of International Master (MI) in 1992 and International Grandmaster (GMI) in 2000.  
It is based in Leitchfield, Kentucky.  
The bike was presented in September 2014 at the Intermot.  
It was the fifth appearance of the 300 meter rifle three positions event at an Olympic Games.  
It is a type of artwork that can be done on fingernails and toenails, usually after manicures or pedicures.  
There are no public transport routes in Pohangina, though there are school busses which service the area.  
After an amicable leave from the label, Gilliam made preparation's for the album's release in late 2005 through her own label Joilicious Music.  
Dale Peck (born 1967) is an American novelist, critic, and columnist.  
Lamellasia is a genus of spiders in the Linyphiidae family.  
In September 2011, Roys ran for Congress in Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district, a race she lost in August 2012.  
In 2017, the Chicago Pride Parade attracted about 1 million attendees.  
Please avoid sending straight-forward genre material, I only list these as an example of the general vicinities that might interest me.  
Patents evolved from letters patent, issued by the monarch to grant monopolies over particular industries to skilled individuals with new techniques.  
He also maintains an affiliation with the International Computer Science Institute.  
The Petasis reagent is an organotitanium compound with the formula Cp2Ti(CH3)2.  
Paper Planes was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 24 June 2015 by Roadshow Entertainment.  
This is a perennial herb producing leaning or erect reddish green stems and branches generally under 50 centimeters tall.  
The women's 3000 meters steeplechase event at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics was held at the Addis Ababa Stadium on May 4.  
He was based in the town of Tebnine and was head of the Ali al-Saghir clan.  
Thus, players began to use oversized plectrums for the shamisen instead of the fingers, and the 1st string was purposely laid lower at the nut of the instrument so that it purposely vibrated against the wood of the instrument, producing the desired buzzing sound quality.  
A model building code is a building code that is developed and maintained by a standards organization independent of the jurisdiction responsible for enacting the building code.  
It was formed by regionalist parties form the former Rainbow Group, although its largest and dominant member party was the French Energie Radicale.  
Luxor 2 is also available in a Windows Vista-only version from MSN Games which includes improved graphics over the previous computer versions.  
Take Longer was a United Kingdom drama series broadcast on ITV from January 1984 to May 1984 made by Thames Television.  
The executive is referred to in the legislation as the Executive Committee of the Assembly and is an example of a consociationalist government.  
On 17 November 2011, Chinese state media reported that Yinghuo-1 had been declared lost by the CNSA.  
It is Dalrymple's fifth major book, and tells the true story of a love affair that took place in early nineteenth century Hyderabad between James Achilles Kirkpatrick and Khair-un-Nissa Begum.  
Neusiedl am See is located on the northern shore of the Neusiedler See.  
It is endemic to the United States, primarily in the Southeast, the Lower Mississippi Valley, and the Lower Great Plains.  
This is a list of airlines that have operated the McDonnell Douglas MD-90.  
In ancient Egypt, this was treated with animal liver, which is where vitamin A is stored.  
There were still serious concerns about hostilities in the country which could affect the peace talks in Lusaka, Zambia, the implementation of UNAVEM II 's mandate and cause suffering to the civilian population.  
LSTM (T-LSTM) is a long short-term memory (LSTM) unit capable of handling irregular time intervals in longitudinal patient records.  
The Portuguese and Spanish variant is spelled Camila, in Slavic languages it is Kamila.  
The music group belonged to the most successful rock bands of the German region Saxony.  
The song was recorded the same year by Larry Darnell, who had his most successful release with his version of the song.  
Avara is a 1996 computer shooter/action game designed by Juri Munkki and published by Ambrosia Software for the Apple Macintosh.  
James Harvie Wilkinson III (born September 29, 1944) is a United States Circuit Judge serving on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.  
Blatchford was appointed Peace Corps Director in 1969 by President Richard Nixon.  
Its leaves are rough and wrinkled and the flowers are tube-shaped with deep pink petals with wavy edges.  
In 1949, he was recruited to the new UCLA School of Medicine, where he served as the chief of cardiovascular surgery.  
The group worked to abolish both gender and race bias.  
Fiona Hodgson, Baroness Hodgson of Abinger is Chair of the Governance Board of the Complaints Adjudication Service.  
It was hoped that vaccination efforts and early detection of cases would result in global eradication of the disease by 2018.  
It begins at the Blauvelt Free Library on Western Highway in the hamlet of Blauvelt, and ends at the intersection of Oak Tree Road in the hamlet of Tappan.  
Kaiavere is a village in Tartu Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.  
Complex ranked "1-800-Suicide" at #22 on their list of the 25 most violent rap songs of all time.  
Novelty bacon dishes and other bacon-related items have been popularized rapidly via the internet.  
Poorna Market is a famous market in Visakhapatnam,Andhra Pradesh, India.  
In films, Rowe has twice portrayed Marilyn Monroe, in Goodbye, Norma Jean (1976) and Goodnight, Sweet Marilyn (1989).  
The group, currently, has a total of 36 released singles, 9 studio albums, one mini album, and fifteen DVD releases.  
The hospital is located on a campus on Perryridge Road, northwest of downtown Greenwich.  
For a time in the late 1980s and early 1990s, it seemed likely that either a proprietary commercial system or the X.400 email system, part of the Government Open Systems Interconnection Profile (GOSIP), would predominate.  
This mollusc, a species of slit-limpet that measures up to four millimeters long, lives at hydrothermal vents.  
The 1987 Championship was won by Georgia, breaking the Utah Red Rocks five-year NCAA Championship streak.  
The short-chain dehydrogenases/reductases family (SDR) is a very large family of enzymes, most of which are known to be NAD- or NADP-dependent oxidoreductases.  
The film was released worldwide on February 12, 2016 and received mixed response from critics and audience.  
Caitlin Kittredge (born September 1984) is an American author and comic book writer of dark fantasy and urban fantasy noir.  
Almost the entire population spends the spring and summer in Southern Ontario or the northeastern Lower Peninsula of Michigan in their breeding range and winters in The Bahamas.  
Peter Barran (born 30 December 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).  
As Lions are an alternative metal band originating from London, England.  
Here, Garberg had for a long time marked himself as an unconventional host, and often criticized the established politicians and the current immigration-policy.  
My Betrothed was a black metal band from Kitee, Finland.  
Aidyn Johnson (born 31 October 1997) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).  
Kreuzbergmaut Hydroelectric Power Station (German: Kraftwerk Kreuzbergmaut) is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station on the Salzach.  
Usmanpur is a village in Nawabganj tehsil in Bareilly district, Uttar Pradesh, India.  
Gonzo (circus) is a Dutch-language bi-monthly culture and music magazine, first published in 1991 in Belgium.  
The premise of the episode is that of a group of cloaked aliens performing scientific experiments on the Voyager crew, and the effect the experiments have on the various crew members.  
An intranet uses the same concepts and technologies as the World Wide Web and Internet.  
Jason Connery and Diane Cilento, who play mother and son in the film, are real-life mother and son.  
The Democratic-Republican Party won control of the Presidency and both houses of Congress for the first time.  
Aldisa alabastrina is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae.  
Knesebeck stems from the ancient nobility of Lower Saxony, while the white line stems from the ancient nobility of the Altmark.  
In linguistics, a light verb is a verb that has little semantic content of its own and forms a predicate with some additional expression, which is usually a noun.  
Ralf Seuntjens (born 17 April 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for VVV-Venlo in the Dutch Eredivisie.  
His mother Mary Wilhelmina Morrison was the daughter and heiress of Royal Navy officer John Morrison.  
Clara A. Swain (18 July 1834 - 25 December 1910) was a physician and missionary of the Methodist Episcopal Church.  
The classification may be for the purpose of primary biological taxonomy, or for a functional classification.  
The JS1600 was introduced at NAMM 2008.  
Binson echo units were also used by Hawkwind, and more recently by Tarantula Hawk.  
Despite being told he is Johnson's favorite, Gabriel becomes confrontational with her in one case regarding a former gang member turned politician and another from beating a confession out of a suspected child molester.  
It originally aired on Friday nights at 8:00 pm ET before moving to Sunday nights at 7:00 pm ET as part of the 2009 fall schedule.  
Rejinagar is a village in Beldanga II CD Block in Barhampur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India.  
His debut studio album, WWW., was released in 2018.  
In The Netherlands, Andrex is known as Page.  
It stars Suriya and Trisha in lead role.  
The circuit hosts the Newcastle 500, the final round of the Supercars Championship.  
Standard features seen in most MUD clients include ANSI color support, aliases, triggers and scripting.  
The Jackson Lawmakers were a Cotton States League minor league baseball team based in Jackson, Mississippi that played during the 1913 season.  
Damian William Jones (born June 30, 1995) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).  
Rim of the World High School is a public secondary school located in Lake Arrowhead, California, at the top of the mountain overlooking the San Bernardino Valley.  
De Swaen is a defunct restaurant in Oisterwijk, Netherlands.  
Eupithecia kruusi is a moth in the family Geometridae.  
The violation could not be saved as the purpose of the prohibition, which was to limit the disruption of those who were not involved in the dispute, was not proportional to the prohibition.  
It was formerly named Wilmot-Summerside from 1996 to 2007.  
It is their 15th studio album and was released in multiple formats, including a double-disk limited edition, featuring two B-sides and three remixes.  
Submargarita unifilosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the top snails.  
Randall served as Chief Justice during a turbulent time for Florida and the Court.  
Employees, employers, and labor unions can request assistance from the HHE program at no cost to them.  
Bruce Woolley assisted in completing the tracks.  
The song, together with the album, peaked at No.38 in Dutch Album Charts.  
His contribution to Bangor University was recognized in 2000 when he was made a Teaching Fellow.  
The station ceased broadcasting on September 22, 1999.  
Chlamys australis, common name the "austral scallop", is a species of scallop, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.  
She competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China.  
In this way the resulting average support percentages do not reflect the actual support percentage for any candidate of the pooled polls.  
Severino has been involved with constitutional challenges to the Affordable Care Act.  
Surface water is water on the surface of the planet such as in a river, lake, wetland, or ocean.  
The Hydroelectricity station consists of three Pelton runner vertical shaft turbine units rated 11 megawatts each at 1200 feet head.  
The Circle of Palms Plaza is located in downtown San Jose, California.  
Government Polytechnic, Panaji offers diploma programs in engineering and technology that cater to the changing needs of industry, business and community at large using need based curricular delivered in a dynamic learning environment.  
He is currently the head coach for the Brooklyn Knights' PDL squad.  
During World War II, the squadron saw action in the European theater, flying both the British Beaufighter and the P-61 Black Widow night fighters.  
They are small constrictors that are found in Central and South America, from southern Mexico to Colombia.  
The Riverside Community College District, or RCCD, is the community college district serving Riverside, California, United States, and neighboring cities.  
The Connecticut Huskies men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball team of the University of Connecticut, in Storrs, Connecticut.  
Born in North Elmham, Norfolk, UK in 1940, he currently resides in Bedfordshire, UK and is a member of the Society of Authors, London, and the London Press Club.  
It occupied him during the years 1827-28 while he was at school, first in Dresden and later in Leipzig.  
H. Tjut Djalil (born 11 October 1932) is an Indonesian film director and screenwriter.  
The series was remastered in 2004.  
Diana Finda Konomanyi is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current Sierra Leone Minister of Lands, Country Planning and the Environment.  
Central to this claim was evidence by Treasury official Godwin Grech before a Senate inquiry in June 2009 that a Prime Ministerial adviser had emailed him asking for preferential treatment for the dealer.  
Mihaly (born June 21, 1972) is an American CEO/founder of Iron Realms Entertainment, a game designer, investor, executive, entrepreneur, and prominent member of the Burning Man community as creator and operator of the website Burn.  
When a woman comes between them, however, it takes a war to bring them back together again.  
While riding out looking for lost cattle, Horace came upon a knoll covered with apple trees not far from the four corners of what is now Molalla.  
Pteropurpura vokesae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.  
CTPI has particularly close relations with the Scottish Parliament and other institutions of Scottish public life.  
The Parish is mainly agricultural land between Tullamore, New South Wales and Peak Hill, New South Wales.  
The list of ship launches in 1852 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1852.  
The two species differ considerably in appearance.  
The exact location of Milefortlet 13 is unknown, although two of the nearby turrets (Towers 13A and 13B) have been located and excavated.  
At the 1997 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, she won two silver medals in the 200-metre individual medlay and in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay.  
CS-Script has been used in a number of open-source and proprietary products of different scale and complexity (e.g. FlashDevelop, MediaPortal).  
The Jessie Osborne House is a house near Jerome, Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.  
Josip Bilinovac (born December 30, 1990) is a Croatian professional basketball player, who currently plays for Cibona of the Croatian League.  
Sea of Darkness is the 32nd installment in the Nancy Drew point-and-click adventure game series by Her Interactive.  
The Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification (CRCC) is a national certifying organization for professional rehabilitation couselors.  
The compound is unstable and has been synthesized.  
He was recorded with a blood alcohol limit of .139.  
A Democrat, he represents the 66th Assembly District, encompassing parts of the South Bay region of Los Angeles.  
His son is Mitch Nilsson, currently contracted to the Cleveland Indians and nephew Jay Nilsson, former Gulf Coast Indians player.  
The S.T.M. typically is designed to enhance a student's academic credentials for entrance to a doctoral program.  
It is also JC Brutal's last release with the band, and Vincent Hyde's first.  
This album is more hip hop oriented than its predecessor.  
Hoad represented Australia in water polo at the Olympic Games four times, in 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972, as well as being captain from 1964 to 1972.  
After retirement, O'Donoghue began working for the LTA as a coach and currently coaches British junior, Katy Dunne.  
There are many methods of notifying unwanted individuals that they have been banned (for future access), but the most common is a personal notice to the offender.  
Giusto Pellanera (or Corrado Pellanera, born 12 March 1938) is a retired Italian basketball player.  
The company is the American branch of the global, 200-year-old Herder family publishing group, with headquarters in Freiburg, Germany (Verlag Herder) and Barcelona, Spain (Herder Editorial).  
These balls are called "blowballs" or "clocks" in both British and American English.  
My Dog is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.  
Territorial nationalism describes a form of nationalism based on the belief that all inhabitants of a particular territory should share a common national identity, regardless of their ethnic, linguistic, religious, cultural and other differences.  
The Windrush scandal is a 2018 British political scandal concerning people who were wrongly detained, denied legal rights, threatened with deportation, and, in around 63 cases, wrongly deported from the UK by the Home Office.  
The next single released was "Shelter".  
An assembly is a runtime unit consisting of types and other resources.  
Like neighbor joining, the method takes a distance matrix as input, and works by agglomerating clusters.  
The stem and leafstalks are green, or very faintly tinged with purple, and bear a few white spines.  
He originally gained fame when he released his eponymously titled debut solo effort on Atlantic Records in 1988.  
Kara Swisher of Re/Code called Baker the "woman to watch" in a profile in C Magazine.  
It became the subdivision of newly formed district Dakshin Dinajpur when Paschim Dinajpur was bifurcated into Uttar and Dakshin Dinajpur in 1992.  
Afterglow is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan.  
It is the second mobile operator in the country.  
Parts of the inner wall have terraced steps that form wide shelves along the edge.  
Beckhead Plantation is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and nature reserve in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.  
It was the capital of the Grand Duchy of Moscow (or Muscovy), from 1340 to 1547 and in 1713 renamed as the Tsardom of Russia by Peter I "the Great" (when the capital was moved to Saint Petersburg).  
Three of which are located in Iowa and the other eight are in Wisconsin.  
Megachile seychellensis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.  
It is a satire about a jaded Nobel-winning physicist whose dysfunctional personal life and cynical ambition see him pursuing a solar-energy based solution for climate change.  
WAAZ-FM (104.7 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station broadcasting a country music format.  
The band released their debut album Prepare & Assemble in the form of album sunglasses.  
Mora is a South American drink consisting of blackberry juice, water and sugar.  
The stories followed the fictional adventures of two siblings, Sarah and Jamie who find a magical music box through which they are able to enter other worlds, most commonly as spectators.  
One of the first in Italy for goods traffic, it is located on the northern coast of the gulf and plays an important role commercially and strategically.  
The site has the potential to provide scholars invaluable information about Native American funerary practices, settlement patterns, ethnic diversity, and other information about the people who inhabited the upper James River portion of southwestern Virginia.  
It was the original tag team title of the Carolina Wrestling Federation promotion, later used in the Frontier Wrestling Alliance (2001-2004) and AWA Superstars (2005-2007) as a regional title, officially representing the Mid-Atlantic United States, while it was a member of the respective governing bodies.  
It originated in Lyngen, but was given the name Nordlandshest in 1968 by breeders in that area.  
The crash opens a number of startling revelations as stories of everything from government cover-ups and smuggling, to embezzlement and murder start to unravel.  
Originally associated with the folk-pop genre, she has performed vocal jazz on her more recent albums.  
Bourmond Byron (June 23, 1920 - 2004) was a Haitian painter.  
Parasiccia perirrorata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.  
Depending on the application, fiber may be used because of its small size, or because no electrical power is needed at the remote location, or because many sensors can be multiplexed along the length of a fiber by using light wavelength shift for each sensor, or by sensing the time delay as light passes along the fiber through each sensor.  
Montrose is a town in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States.  
In September 2014, the club confirmed Jos van Dijk succeeded Strudwick as Manchester United's first-team fitness coach.  
He was appointed managing director in 1979.  
BlackArts Racing Team (BAR) is a China / Hong Kong registered motor racing team that was formed in January, 2015.  
Thromboxane A2 synthesis is the target of the drug aspirin, which inhibits the COX-1 enzyme (the source of thromboxane A2 in platelets).  
Perry Groves (born 19 April 1965) is an English former footballer, known chiefly for his time at Arsenal.  
The Consensus Coding Sequence (CCDS) Project is a collaborative effort to maintain a dataset of protein-coding regions that are identically annotated on the human and mouse reference genome assemblies.  
They were part of the new wave of album-oriented bands, achieving renown and popularity despite an almost complete lack of success with their singles, apart from "Fresh Air", which reached number 49 in 1970.  
Lifeline is the second album by the California soft rock group Pablo Cruise.  
Australian businessman, pilot and adventurer Dick Smith mounted an expedition in 1977 to find the Kookaburra but was unsuccessful.  
He played college football at Alabama, where he was a member of three BCS National Championship teams in the 2009, 2011, and 2012 seasons.  
The Pusher films by Danish film director Nicolas Winding Refn illustrate and explore the criminal underworld of Copenhagen.  
Evgeny Katichev (born September 3, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for HC Vityaz in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).  
One of them is poor service quality in many cities outside Algiers with 78% of urban residents suffering from intermittent water supply.  
In reality, the Beatles did release twelve albums, thirteen if Magical Mystery Tour is included.  
The race was won in a time of 20 minutes 10 seconds, over twice the present course record.  
Diaz (Romualdez) is one of 9 Barangays of the municipality of Tubajon, Dinagat Islands, Philippines.  
Komlan Mally (born December 12, 1960) is a Togolese politician who served as Prime Minister of Togo from December 2007 to September 2008.  
King led the NFL in punting yards in 2014.  
The tea is grown in the northern and eastern districts, the highlands, temperate climate, humidity and heavy rainfall within these districts provide a favorable ground for the production of high-quality tea.  
The game is the first of The Walking Dead video game series published by Telltale.  
Its capital is the city of Genoa.  
From 2001 to 2003, he went by the name Ian Oquendo, adopting the last name of his wife, and during the 2009 World Baseball Classic he went by Ian Davila-Snell, adopting his stepfather's surname.  
Dale Corney left Dungeon during the early recording phase but his solos in the songs he had co-written, "Insanity's Fall" and "Where Madness Hides", were used on the album.  
It occupies 2.4 hectares of land.  
This was the first season under new head coach Arthur Morton, and the Maroons failed to score more than 7 points in any game all year.  
Mandar Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 81 constituencies of the Jharkhand Vidhan Sabha, located in Ranchi district.  
After Marcuse is an Australian TV movie about a woman who has an affair with a younger man who jeopardizes her marriage, her career and her child's future.  
Around 2014, over 93 million people were playing Candy Crush Saga, while revenue over a three-month period as reported by King was over $493 million.  
This is a list of people convicted of treason.  
To these incomplete vehicles, a second stage manufacturer adds specific equipment and completes the vehicle.  
It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in rocky places in many different habitat types, from the coastline to the mountains to the deserts.  
The institute was founded in 1999 at the Radboud University in Nijmegen.  
Royal Villa (Italian: Villa Reale) is a historical building in Monza, northern Italy.  
Both editions featured cover art by Barron Story.  
All of the talks are streamed online to further promote ideas that stand behind the conference and also to give people around the World to tune in and leave their opinions about these topics.  
The compilation features all of White Lion's charted singles from their three most successful albums: Pride, Big Game and Mane Attraction.  
The fourth-place finisher in the repechage was given an overall ranking of 13th overall, out of the 13 boats in the competition.  
She qualified as an Industrial laboratory technician, and is currently she working at a bio-scientific faculty for food, veterinary medicine and natural resources.  
Last Day of August is a 2012 American film drama about four friends recovering from the physical and psychological damage of a car accident.  
Notable public sculpture includes Dreaming Spires (two giraffes) on Leith Walk, Edinburgh, unveiled in July 2005.  
Allelopathic interactions are an important factor in determining species distribution and abundance within plant communities, and are also thought to be important in the success of many invasive plants.  
Rhyssomatus medialis is a species of true weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.  
Truman won Montana by a substantial margin of 9.94 percent.  
Play School was a New Zealand educational television show for children.  
According to their website, Pillar defines the title as: "For the love of" = the passion of, and "The game" = the pursuit of Christ.  
The Muslim Youth University (popularize as MY University), is a private research university located in the urban area of Islamabad, Pakistan.  
MacKenzie is known for establishing and commanding Sector Sarajevo as part of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) in the former Yugoslavia in 1992.  
It opened on 17 December 1883 and closed on 13 April 1987.The former platform mound at Bowman remains clearly evident and is fenced off as private property with a shelter built on top of it.  
Heffron Drive's first single, "Parallel," was released in March 2014 through the record label TOLBooth Records.  
The end of the show is marked by the handover to the next shift and the release of detained miscreans either to discharge without charge or for processing for court.  
St Johns Wood is a locality within the suburb of Ashgrove in Brisbane, Australia.  
The first version of the Enhanced Telephone, the 99A model, was beige and featured a monochrome CRT screen.  
The Garganica is a breed of domestic goat which originated on the Gargano promontory in the Puglia region of southern Italy.  
The car was brought back after World War I with a multi-valve engine to bring fame to the marque at Brescia.  
Neoregelia zonata is a species in the genus Neoregelia.  
She is best known for her collaborations with Fuad al Muqtadir and her duet album Ekhon Ami with Sumon.  
This was the shortest-lived cabinet in the history of the Italian Republic.  
Arthur Inch, butler technical consultant for the film Gosford Park, stated in an interview that he began his life in service as a hall boy at the age of 15.  
Displaying social information in virtual spaces allows the modeling of user behavior to make digital systems feel more social and less solitary.  
Texas A&M plays in the West Division, while Missouri plays in the East Division, although, geographically, Missouri is one of the conference's westernmost teams.  
This, combined with the speed provided by C++, makes the library more appropriate for heavily abstracted projects, including art installations, commercial campaigns and other advanced animation work.  
Tegostoma pseudonoctua is a moth in the family Crambidae.  
The great lizard cuckoo (Coccyzus merlini) is a species of cuckoo in the family Cuculidae.  
Over the course of the 19th century alcohol and narcotics became heavily abused to the point that by the turn of the century alcohol abuse was listed a significant cause of premature deaths.  
All four of Crane's buildings are connected underground.  
Conan is a fictional character based on Robert E. Howard's Conan the Barbarian.  
The Amazing Mrs. Holliday received an Academy Award nomination for Best Score.  
In round four, Boyd was reported for striking two Carlton players in the last quarter, John Heathcote and John Nicholls.  
Z22 Anton Schmitt was one of six Type 1936 destroyers built for the Kriegsmarine (German Navy) in the late 1930s.  
This is a list of heads of state, heads of governments, and other rulers in the year 1925.  
On several occasions, both Yoyoy Villame and Max Surban have appeared together on stage and even recorded together a few albums.  
According to the Dictionary of the Fungi (10th edition, 2008), the widespread genus contains 48 species.  
The subject is from ancient Rome and shows a patrician who contemplates on whether he should buy an East Asian vase or a slave girl.  
Sri chaitanya started in 1986 with a girls junior college in vijayawada.  
If the defendant fails to complete this program or violates any other term or condition of their probation, then probation can be revoked and the defendant may be required to serve an additional sentence which may include incarceration.  
The song "Long Way Home" was written by British pop group Steps, before their 2001 split.  
In South America some of its species are endemic to Brazil in the Atlantic Forest and/or Cerrado ecoregions; in Africa the largest number of species is found in Cameroon and Gabon.  
The Springwell Danish Cemetery is located at 6326 Hartman Avenue in North Omaha, Nebraska.  
He was an ardent plant conservationist and he is credited with coining the term "ethnobotany".  
Dicynodontia is a taxon of anomodont therapsids or synapsids with beginnings in the mid-Permian, which were dominant in the Late Permian and continued throughout the Triassic, with a few possibly surviving into the Early Cretaceous.  
DNS blocking can be applied to individual servers/IP address, or entire blocks of IP addresses.  
The novel is about a former special agent who works with the brother of a slain colleague to unravel a series of mysterious assassinations in the CIA.  
Rudolph Lingens is a fictional character often used by contemporary analytic philosophers as a placeholder name in a hypothetical scenario which illustrates some feature of the indexicality of natural language.  
The election was held on the same date as the Peoria, Illinois Mayoral election of 2009.  
It is published in two parts; "General rules" and "Ground investigation and testing".  
Further Adventures of The Joker (1990; Bantam Books, 457 pages) is an English paperback anthology of short fiction stories about Batman's archenemy the Joker.  
It mainly operated for 54 years between 1907 to 1961.  
It was never officially recorded, although clips have emerged online and there are rumors that the full video of the concert exists.  
James Galante (born 1953) is a convicted felon and associate of the Genovese crime family, owner of the defunct Danbury Trashers minor league hockey team and also a racecar team fielding cars for Ted Christopher, and ex-CEO of Automated Waste Disposal (AWD), a company which holds waste disposal contracts for most of western Connecticut and Westchester and Putnam counties in New York.  
The Hornets are currently coached by Brian Katz.  
Groups of teens and adults also make presentations, called Outreaches, about issues that the average teen faces at schools throughout Southern California.  
In Morocco, The National Control Commission for the Protection of Personal Data (CNDP) was established by Law No. 09-08 Act of February 18, 2009, on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data.  
Yuri Trubachev (born March 9, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).  
The first church to be established in the Jacksonville Beaches, it dates to 1887 with the construction of its original building.  
USS Lucid (AM-458/MSO-458) is an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing naval mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.  
NWO directs the 300 million budget toward Dutch universities and institutes, often on a project basis.  
Temple Records was originally an independent record label run by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV from 1984 through 1994 for releases by Psychic TV and related projects.  
He is a Revelle Medal committee member.  
She has also served as Parliamentary Secretary for Public Transport since July 2016 and as Deputy Chair of the Electoral Matters Committee since August 2015, and previously served as Government Whip between December 2014 and August 2016.Spence is married to Victorian Labor assistant state secretary Kosmos Samaras.  
The VFF was founded in 1934.  
Eupanacra hollowayi is a moth of the family Sphingidae.  
It received numerous accolades, including Shannon earning a nomination for Best Supporting Actor at the 89th Academy Awards.  
The result of his claims are not known as the end of the text is lost, but it seems certain that he won the court case.  
The station is owned by Hawaii Public Radio, and airs HPR's classical music service.  
Loxographe is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.  
United Women is an Australian soccer team based in Adelaide, South Australia.  
It is an amphoteric oxide.  
O 1 was a Holland 7P patrol submarine of the Royal Netherlands Navy.  
The Providence Friars men's soccer program represents the Providence College in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions.  
It has a gable roof and features front and rear full-height porticoes supported by Ionic order columns.  
It is fairly common especially on isolated ground where it nests in the soil.  
This Contemporary Christian album was recorded live Findlay Memorial Church in Glasgow, Scotland and released in 1990 by Integrity/Hosanna!  
It is a version of an internationally distributed folk song type.  
At the eastern end of the dene, the woodland gives way to magnesian limestone grassland, while at the western end there is an area of tall fen vegetation.  
He did his PhD at the Indian Institute of Science.  
She was scuttled at Kirkenes in 1944 by the retreating Germans.  
The Coral Court Motel was a 1941 U.S. Route 66 motel constructed in Marlborough, Missouri (a St. Louis suburb) and designated on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis County in 1989 as a valuable example of the art deco and streamline moderne architectural styles.  
It is bounded by Manphil to the south, Asia-1 to the east, MCDC to the northwest, and Carmelray Industrial Park to the north.  
It was initially only available through mail-order, but later released on frontman John Lurie's record label Strange and Beautiful Music.  
China Power Investment Corporation was the parent company of 4 listed companies, China Power International Development, China Power New Energy Development (later shared with China Three Gorges Corporation as joint significant shareholder), Shanghai Electric Power and Yuanda Environmental Protection.  
A historical state or historical sovereign state is a state that once existed, but has since been dissolved due to conflict, war, rebellion, annexation, or uprising.  
Some are actually positive for the manufacturer, forcing out-of-date or uneconomic players to adapt or decline.  
He played on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody as Dakota Smith.  
Ulmas Mirsaidovich Mirsaidov (born November 10, 1945) is a Tajik theoretical chemist.  
This is a list of people reported killed by non-military law enforcement officers in the United States in March 2013, whether in the line of duty or not, and regardless of reason or method.  
In the early 1970s, James also wrote and produced hit records by the teen vocal duo Chee-Chee and Peppy.  
It consolidates the immunization records from multiple sources for each person living in its jurisdiction.  
Hybrid Theory is the debut studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000, through Warner Bros. Records.  
Krok is an unincorporated community located in the town of West Kewaunee, in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States.  
The Glendale Ridge Archeological Site (12 Da 86) is an archeological site located near Hudsonville in Indiana, United States.  
He made his first class debut in 1995/96 for Northerns as well as captaining the Titans successfully.  
Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 2003 proceeded in keeping with rules enacted in 2001.  
The paper has been a daily publication since November 1969.  
It is commonly known as brown soft scale.  
All Member States were urged to positively consider requests from the Secretary-General for assistance to be provided to UNPREDEP, requesting the Secretary-General to report by 30 September 1996 on the situation in the country and the strength and mandate of UNPREDEP.  
It is an English-language journal covering ethnomusicology in Asian music.  
Cork City was the only constituency in Ireland to return the same number of members, in each general election, from the Act of Union in 1801 until the establishment of the Irish Free State in 1922.  
Howison earned his PGA Tour card through qualifying school in 1994.  
Virginia's 11th congressional district election, 2010 was an election held to determine who would represent Virginia's 11th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives during the 112th Congress.  
The Harvey Islands are two islands in the west part of Freeth Bay, Enderby Land, Antarctica.  
This is a list of promotions by McDonald's restaurants.  
He was the son of Sir Baldwin Fulford of Great Fulford, Devon who was Sheriff of Devon in 1460.  
Ihor Bodnar is a paralympic athlete from Ukraine competing mainly in category T20 middle distance and sprint events.  
Visitors to the Redoubt can now explore the fortress, discovering the stories of the people who lived there throughout its 200 year history.  
The China Electronics Technology Group Corporation (CETC) was established in 2002, as a People's Republic of China's state-owned company.  
He was succeeded by Biodun Ogunbiyi, who criticized Useni's poor leadership which failed to win any seats in the Senate or House of Representatives in the April 2007 elections.  
Viktoria Grigoreva is a Kharkiv-born Ukrainian violinist.  
He is currently head of The University of Glamorgan's Music Academy in Cardiff, Wales.  
Serricchio returned briefly in 2008, when it is revealed Diego is alive and terrorizing the citizens of Port Charles as the Text Message Killer.  
Known for working on several corruption cases earned him the nickname the "watch dog".  
They are found in the ventrolateral medulla in conjunction with the adrenergic cell group C1.  
Entitlement reform refers to legislative efforts to make changes in the benefits paid from government administered funds to citizens who meet a certain requirement and are therefore entitled by either right or legislation to receive that benefit.  
The first race of the season was held on 5 June at Assen and was due to finish at a venue in New Zealand after 8 race weekends.  
Year 708 (DCCVIII) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.  
Du Toit plays as a lock or a flanker for the South Africa national team and the Stormers in Super Rugby.  
Clontarf is a locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia.  
This became popular with surfers for warming their feet after surfing in the cold winter sea.  
The Englishman's Library was an English book series of the 1840s, a venture of the publisher James Burns.  
The inauguration marked the beginning of the first term of Filipe Nyusi as President.  
The third track on this CD was used in an advertising campaign for Boots.  
Microsoft DirectCompute is an application programming interface (API) that supports running compute kernels on general-purpose computing on graphics processing units on Microsoft's Windows Vista, Windows 7 and later versions.  
Three years later he was a key member of the full-forward line on the Bennettsbridge team that claimed the county junior championship before later winning the Leinster and All-Ireland titles.  
Puya is the self-titled debut album of the Puerto Rican progressive metal band of the same name, released in 1995 by the Pompano Beach, Florida independent record label Noiz Boiz.  
Head offices are based in Chippenham, Wiltshire in the United Kingdom.  
The Texas Freebirds World Burrito chain, which was headquartered in College Station, was purchased by private-equity Tavistock Group in 2007.  
He argued that fascism, National Socialism and socialism had common roots in central economic planning and empowering the state over the individual.  
The album spawned three singles, "Bette Davis Eyes", "Draw of the Cards" and the title track, which peaked at #1, #28 and #60 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, respectively.  
Cianfanelli is one of a handful of South African artists whose work successfully spans the public and domestic sphere.  
The Chief Minister of Sikkim, an east Indian state, is the head of the Government of Sikkim.  
The ruins are on a good elevation, commanding extensive views of the surrounding country.  
Max Crow (born 7 January 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.  
This gene encodes a member of the acyl coenzyme family.  
The health status measured with EQ-5D is used for estimating preference weight for that health status, then by combining the weight with time, quality-adjusted life year (QALY) can be computed.  
Today there are still 40 locations in the Midwest.  
A total of fifteen half-hour episodes were made.  
Live at Eden is a live EP by Doves, released on 26 April 2005 at select U.S. independent music stores only.  
Mike Gregory and Chris Johns eventually decided to go back to the BDO, but were unable to play in the 1994 BDO World Championship as their change of heart came too late for them to be able to qualify.  
The Bateson, later de Yarburgh-Bateson Baronetcy, of Belvoir Park in the County of Down, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 18 December 1818.  
When correctly completed, the words read from left to right form a quote.  
Dembo holds a bachelor's degree in anthropology with a minor in classical civilizations from the University of Tennessee and a master's degree in classical archeology from the University of British Columbia.  
It was generally shown as two islands.  
It was first published in 2000 by Pan Macmillan.  
The habitat consists of submontane and montane forests and dense woodland.  
Boutsen Ginion Racing is a Belgian auto racing team currently competing in the World Touring Car Cup and TCR Benelux Touring Car Championship.  
A dwelling typically includes nearby outbuildings, sheds, etc.  
It was presented by the national director Sylvie Tellier and Jean-Pierre Foucault for the 18st consecutive year.  
He is currently the QSI Tbilisi Director of Playing Development and a Head Coach, Boys Basketball Program.  
It is unpopulated and undeveloped, almost entirely part of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.  
It is in Travelcard Zone 5 and between Greenford and South Ruislip stations.  
However interest in this Reserve seems to be increasing in 2008 with the increase in proposals for human use activity within the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park (see SDG&E Sunrise Powerlink proposal).  
Lander is an unincorporated community in Farmington Township in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States.  
This presents a challenge to authorities as infrastructure and habitations encroach into bushland areas.  
It was written by The Veronicas' twin sisters, Jessica Origliasso and Lisa Origliasso, together with Shelly Peiken and Wells.  
It is an agricultural village where wheat, maize, sugarcane, cotton and rice are grown.  
His Strength is raw pace, can move ball both ways, high-arm action, hits the deck hard, and able to make the ball bounce from awkward lengths.  
During the 1840s and 50s, Smith's barbershop on the north slope of Beacon Hill was a center of abolitionist activity, and provided shelter to freedom seekers on the Underground Railroad.  
Paul was not a religious man; he viewed the papacy as a means to consolidate his family's position.  
The National Democratic Convention (Nadeco) is a South African political party formed in August 2005 via floor crossing legislation by Ziba Jiyane, the former Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) chairperson.  
Residents Rally were led by Canberra human rights barrister and lawyer, Bernard Collaery.  
Acyl halides and anhydrides of carboxylic acids are also commonly used acylating agents to acylate amines to form amides or acylate alcohols to form esters.  
Sister, Sister is an American sitcom that was created by Kim Bass, Gary Gilbert, Fred Shafferman that originally aired on ABC and later The WB.  
There are several other interconnections with local and out-of-state utilities, such as Path 46.  
The Whole Thing's Started.  
Euderces elvirae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
His brother, Domenick Davies, is also a German international.  
He is the 2006 & 2007 Bulgarian national silver medalist and the 2005 national bronze medalist.  
The Youth in Music championship is a marching band competition held annually at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota in October.  
Like the original Teen Titans, Young Justice was centered on three previously established teen heroes: Superboy, Robin and Impulse, but grew to encompass most teenaged heroes in the DC Universe.  
Most of its course is within the area managed by the Witham Third District IDB, an Internal Drainage Board responsible for land drainage.  
He subsequently played in Europe with Benny Bailey, Tete Montoliu, Steve Grossman, Tom Harrell, Walter Bishop, Jr., Ralph Sutton, Ranee Lee, Hank Jones, Oliver Jones, Don Bennett, Fritz Kisse, and Ricky Ford.  
Observance is determined by whether the lunar calendar is being following or the solar calendar.  
Also, in certain parts of the world, land can still be obtained by making productive use of it.  
The genus has a disjunct distribution, with 24 species endemic to New Caledonia in the Pacific, and one species (Cunonia capensis) in Southern Africa.  
Sarizotan (EMD-128,130) is a selective 5-HT1A receptor agonist and D2 receptor antagonist, which has antipsychotic effects, and has also shown efficacy in reducing dyskinesias resulting from long-term anti-Parkinsonian treatment with levodopa.  
It is similar to M. ciliata but has a more northerly distribution.  
They were placed in the Piazza in the 16th century.  
Built in 1810-11, it is a fine example of a Federal-style duplex, built for a local craftsman, and one of a modest number of such houses to survive a devastating fire in 1813.  
George Andrews Reserve is an Australian soccer ground in Dandenong, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.  
Iambiodes is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.  
Maine is one of two states in the U.S. that chooses two of its four representatives in the Electoral College based on the plurality vote in both its congressional districts instead of all four electors being chosen based on the statewide plurality vote.  
The album's title and the titles of several tracks were inspired by the Alphabet City section of Manhattan, New York City, where Fry and Mark White lived for a time prior to the album's release.  
H. James Shea Jr. (c. 1940-1970) was an American politician.  
A port to the Commodore PET was made by David Malmberg in 1980, with most of the names returned to their Star Wars versions.  
The initial organization was in part due to the recent Audit Commission response which proposed a rationalization of primary education to remove middle schools.  
Halabhavi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.  
Valle del Maipo has the most vineyards open to tourists with a total of 23, followed by Valle de Colchagua, with a total of 14 and Valle de Casablanca, with a total of 12.  
The verifier compared the second operator's keystrokes with the contents of the original card.  
This AFWB was absorbed by the National Physique Committee (NPC) when it was formed, as it was illegal to have two separate amateur federations for the IFBB.  
Its code is LAR.  
She was listed as sold for $260,000 at Keeneland September.  
This Could Be the Night.  
DANILOG also supported combat environments like the Iraq theater of operations.  
The cereal is sold in the United Kingdom, Canada, Iceland, Ireland, New Zealand and Australia as of March 2008, but has been discontinued in other markets.  
Marvin John Jensen was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.  
It is surrounded by important heritage buildings, museums, a theater and a range of hotels, restaurants and bars.  
General Purpose Standing Committee Committee for Children and Young People Committee on the Office of the Valuer-General Standing Committee on Social IssuesShe was the Legislative Council Representative on the Council of the University of Newcastle between 7 May 2003 and 21 December 2004.  
The facility is situated at Portland Bill, where tests can be performed well away from stray electric and magnetic fields.  
The Huon Valley, or simply the Huon is a valley and geographic area located in southern Tasmania, Australia.  
The church was built in 1854; it was the second church building used by the local Associate Reformed Presbyterian congregation, which formed in 1835 and built its first church two years later.  
Al Ma'afer District is a district of the Taiz Governorate, Yemen.  
It opened in 1846 and was originally named Kirby, but had been renamed Asfordby by 1863.  
Tmesisternus bolanicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
The MacArthur Chambers building and sites adjacent to the building, comprising an entire city block, were redeveloped in the late 1990s, creating the shopping mall MacArthur Central.  
Freeze drying (or lyophilization) removes water from the ice cream by lowering the air pressure to a point where ice sublimates from a solid to a gas.  
Kyaing lies on the right (western) bank of the Ywa Chaung tributary of the Maw River.  
The population was 12,075 at the 2010 census.  
Monochamus subtriangularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.  
He is a graduate of the University of Connecticut and received a masters in public administration from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University.  
The current principal is Linda Ihnat.  
Great Northern, along with sister ship Northern Pacific, were built to provide a passenger and freight link by sea between the northern transcontinental rail lines via the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway terminal at Astoria, Oregon and San Francisco beginning in spring of 1915.  
In 1930 the Columbia Pike Library opened with support from the Arlington Community Library Club.  
Since the beginning of his musical career around 1987, he has been credited on numerous records from a diverse list of artists that includes Kylie, Sybil, Bananarama, Lisa Scott-Lee, Jason Donavon, and Rick Astley.  
DePalma played high school football at Verona High School in Verona, New Jersey.  
Saratsundari Devi (1849-1886) was a Bengali landed aristocrat of the Putia Raj family based in Rajshahi District, Bengal Presidency.  
Paul Igag (February 24, 1964-October 29, 2010) was a Papuan ornithologist.  
This is a common species with a wide range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".  
The interior floor of Vlacq has been resurfaced by lava, leaving a nearly level base.  
Panhandle Independent School District is a public school district based in Panhandle, Texas (USA).  
He was also a professional soldier who fought in the Nine Years War, and was knighted for his services to the English Crown by Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex in 1599.  
The North American Football League (NAFL) was a proposed American spring football league.  
Berrick is a given name.  
He lives in Tumby Bay, South Australia and his publications focus on life in the Eyre Peninsula and Spencer Gulf regions.  
The cinematographers were S. Fattelal and Vishnupant Govind Damle and the cast included Keshavrao Dhaiber, Baburao Pendharkar, V. Shantaram and Anant Apte.  
He previously served as an associate attorney for the law firm of Cowles and Thompson and on the state board of the Texas Juvenile Justice Department.  
The Opera House portion of the building, on the northern part of the property, facing Market Street, was not torn down.  
The beta versions released were largely done through the efforts of volunteer developers.  
MapGuide Open Source is a web-based map-making platform that enables users to quickly develop and deploy web mapping applications and geospatial web services.  
The episode was watched by an audience of 7.33 million, and received positive reviews from television critics.  
USS Gloucester was a gunboat in the United States Navy.  
Released in 1995, the name was registered as a trademark in 1998.  
Mo Yaqub (born 7 January 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Cowdenbeath, as a defender.  
The Graduate Center is categorized as a "Doctoral University - Highest Research Activity" in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.  
One of the main landmarks in the area is the Schley Grange Hall at the intersection of Hwy 57 and Schley Road.  
Some of them, like the Citadel of Aleppo, have suffered significant damage in the ongoing Syrian Civil War.  
The city itself is first mentioned in Action Comics #251, April 1959 as the name of a ship, the S.S. Opal City which Superman rescues from a modern-day pirate crew.  
The University of Dhaka, established in 1921, acted as the driving force in producing many renowned scientists in Bangladesh.  
The Kite Patch could help protect against malaria, as well as West Nile virus, dengue fever, and other mosquito-borne diseases.  
He was called into the Hurricanes Wider Training Squad in 2016, he then gained 4 caps including playing in the 2016 Super Rugby season final.  
Chris Meek lives in Stamford, Connecticut with his wife and their three children.  
It acts as an intermediary between programs that supply name server information (e.g., DHCP clients) and programs that use name server information (e.g., resolvers).  
It is among the approximately 101 cobblestone buildings in Ontario County and 26 in the village and town of Phelps.  
It also features two songs that Pitney had previously written for Ricky Nelson, "Hello Mary Lou" and "Today's Teardrops"; the latter also recorded by Roy Orbison.  
Fung Kai Hong (born 25 January 1986) is a footballer from Hong Kong who currently plays for Wong Tai Sin in the Hong Kong Premier League.  
Founded in 1885 (Canada's oldest career college), it offers Diploma programs in fields of Business, Healthcare, Law, Service, and Information Technology.  
He was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Wales Office from 2008 to 2010.  
"Wore Out My Soul", which is a double entendre about shoes, and "Stuck in London", which contains nonsense lyrics.  
Development cases are a set of preferences in university and college admission, particularly in college admissions in the United States, separate from merit, athletic, racial and legacy preferences, whereby applicants from wealthy families are more likely to be granted admission to selective universities based on large donations made by family.  
Cloverland is an African American neighborhood located on the south side of Houston, Texas, United States.  
Mark David Agrast (born 1956) is an American lawyer who was a Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the United States Department of Justice, overseeing criminal and national security matters for the department's Office of Legislative Affairs.  
The government of Somalia, then led by the Supreme Revolutionary Council, intervened by threatening that if such brutalities did not cease, the Somali military would overthrow the Nairobi regime and occupy the country.  
The Netherlands Antilles participated at the Olympic Games from 1952 until 2008.  
Anuraga Sangama is a 1995 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed and written by V. Umakanth.  
The anterior compartment contains the flexors, and is mainly supplied by the median nerve.  
The series is presented by Johnny Vaughan and Steve "Mud God" Brooker, chairman of the Mudlarks Society.  
Lauer turned professional in 1975.  
It was released in October 1992 as the fourth single for the album, primarily serviced to modern rock radio.  
Adam Nodelman was an American bassist.  
The society holds its Congress on alternate years in centers around the UK, with the Poynter Lecture being held on alternate years in London.  
William Horberg is an American film producer, chair of the Producers Guild of America on the East coast, and guest curator at ArtYard.  
The film gained notoriety when a copy of it was found among the possessions of murderer Adam Leroy Lane.  
It was his first effort after his departure from folk-rock group the Byrds in 1966.  
Other tasks were reconnaissance of sites for the inland bases Vostok and Sovetskaya; and oceanography of the Indian ocean.  
Ngomdo is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.  
Conversely, many general-purpose languages have dialects that are used as scripting languages.  
Those that make it through the auditions compete against other acts in a series of quarter finals, and then the semi finals.  
It peaked inside the top ten in both Australia and the United Kingdom, and also charted in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, and Finland.  
Politics was published in three volumes: False Necessity: Anti-Necessitarian Social Theory in the Service of Radical Democracy, the longest volume, is an explanatory and programmatic argument of how society might be transformed to be more in keeping with the context-smashing potential of the human imagination; Social Theory: Its Situation and Its Task, is a "critical introduction" that delves into issues of social science underpinning Unger's project; and Plasticity Into Power: Comparative-Historical Studies on the Institutional Conditions of Economic and Military Success, is a collection of three historical essays illuminating the theoretical points Unger advanced in the first two volumes.  
Several news bulletins are provided during the day, covering a mixed Spanish and International agenda.  
Transmembrane 4 L6 family member 5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TM4SF5 gene.  
It also features a branch campus in Center City, Philadelphia.  
Panchmura Mahavidyalaya, established in 1965, is the first rural general college in Panchmura, Taldangra Block, Bankura district, India.  
William H. Wilkinson was a footballer who made 29 appearances in the Football League playing for Rotherham Town and Lincoln City in the 1890s.  
WSRT (106.7 FM) is a sports format radio station that broadcasts out of Gaylord, Michigan.  
This is mainly because men often cut their hair very low as opposed to women, allowing the hair to prick the occipital scalp thereby causing irritation.  
Sorbus velebitica is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae.  
The game is played from a third-person perspective, and its world is navigated on foot or by vehicle.  
At the 1950 British Empire Games he won the silver medal in the men's coxless pair alongside David Gould.  
German submarine U-650 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.  
Ipsectrace is only available for the Linux operating system.  
Quatrebras (four arms) is the French word for crossroads.  
According to one version, the etymology of its name comes from Latin and its literal meaning is pruning.  
This is a list of Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas area universities, colleges, seminaries, and schools (and their school districts).  
In Concert/MTV Plugged is a 1992 concert video and 1993 live album by Bruce Springsteen.  
Its flagship product is the subscription-based Nsite platform, with components that provide quote to proposal, order management, and a custom development platform with an AJAX front-end and a MS-SQL back-end.  
James Straus is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 69th Academy Awards for the film Dragonheart in the category of Best Visual Effects.  
The United States Post Office and Custom House in New Haven, Connecticut fronts southeast on Church street and extends northwest to Gregson Street with an extension northerly along the latter to Center Street.  
The tour began January 1, 1988 in Portland, Maine at the Cumberland County Civic Center and ended August 20, 1988 at the Monsters of Rock festival in Donington Park.  
It is found in China (Xinjiang) and Russia.  
In other words, it refers to the amount of consumption that would be chosen by a person so rich that money imposed no constraint on his or her decisions.  
In 2006 under the presidency of Dr Richard L. Hills the association celebrated its 150th Anniversary with a civic reception for the engineering community held at Manchester Town Hall.  
A home console port for the Sega Saturn was canceled, so the game never reached home consoles until 2005 on the Sonic Gems Collection compilation for GameCube and PlayStation 2.  
1993 played for Floreat Athena in Perth, Australia and then transfer to Sorrento where he was top goal scorer in league and voted player of season only to return home to family business.  
The objectives of the hospital were to care for the diseased in the neighborhood and prevent the spread of infection in the homes of the poor.  
Peoples Multi-purpose High School, Ankola (1953) is one of the oldest high schools in Uttar Kannada district.  
Structured settlements may include income tax and spendthrift provisions.  
The series, produced by Salter Street Films, was based on the Emily of New Moon series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery.  
The Lebanon In The Fork Presbyterian Church Cemetery is easily accessible from Interstate 640 in Knoxville: head northeast on I-640 E to US-11E N/US-25W S/US-70 E; use the left two lanes to merge onto I-40 E toward Asheville; take exit 394 for US-11E/US-25W/US-70; turn right onto TN-168 W; turn right onto Strawberry Plains Pike; turn left onto Thorngrove Pike, and; follow Thorngrove Pike to either of the two entrances for Asbury Road.  
Made of cast iron, the bridge was cast in Shropshire, England.  
He held this position until his retirement in 1992.  
Star is the debut album by American heavy metal band Helstar released by Combat in 1984.  
The medal is currently possessed by the Boston Public Library.  
He is the youngest son of Indonesia's first president, Sukarno with his third wife, Fatmawati.  
Inkom is a city in Bannock County, Idaho, United States.  
Bradley William Muster (born April 11, 1965) is a former American football fullback.  
The population was 5,223 at the 2010 census, up from 4,702 at the 2000 census.  
He was recruited by St Kilda where he made his senior VFL debut in round 8, 1980, against Geelong Football Club at Geelong's home ground, Kardinia Park.  
It originally aired on NBC on February 24, 1995.  
It publishes three times a year, in the spring, summer, and fall.  
It is filmed at the Toronto Zoo in Toronto, Ontario and narrated by Vince Corazza.  
To the southeast is the Isle of Portland.  
In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for City of London.  
In 1856, John and William Hogg, sons to James Hogg, subdivided their father's estate under the name "Hoggs Hollow".  
On was released on the independent label Atomic Pop.  
The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Thamnochrolechia verticillata, found in Papua New Guinea.  
Samuel and Sally Wilson House is a registered historic building in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on November 15, 2000.  
KAAY is a 50,000 watt clear-channel Class A radio station.  
The historic heart of the Lower Falls village, St. Mary's Episcopal Church, and the adjacent residential area on Grove Street, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Newton Lower Falls Historic District.  
The British diplomat in attendance, Lord Aberdeen, misunderstood London's position and accepted the moderate terms.  
The incident was the first show of defiance against the Portuguese by the local population since the conquest of Goa in 1510.  
The NALLRC Main Library is regarded as one of the largest libraries in Southeast Asia.  
It employs 140 people in three UK locations - Ipswich, Hook in Hampshire and Hessle in Yorkshire In February 2014, Police Mutual acquired Forces Financial for an undisclosed fee.  
Elastic scattering is a form of particle scattering in scattering theory, nuclear physics and particle physics.  
Devine was controversially sacked at the end of the 2013 season.  
Bobby Darin's song "Long Line Rider" highlighted the terror of the Cummins Prison Farm (Cummins Unit), where the skeletons of three prisoners were discovered in January 1968.Long line riders were armed guards who rode on horseback.  
19th-century critics often praised Monsieur D'Olive as one of Chapman's best comedies.  
IBM and other corporations are also adapting similar business models to expand into new markets.  
Bigg Boss in 2006 was the first season of the Indian reality TV program Bigg Boss.  
This article is a list of diseases of almonds (Prunus dulcis).  
He is the father of New Zealand comedian Dai Henwood.  
It had its world premiere at the 2013 London Film Festival.  
However both Apdf and AmiPDF are native and need no X11.  
She could carry sixty rescued people.  
The bill would amend the Presidential Records Act to preserve Twitter posts and other social media interactions of the president of the United States, and to require the National Archives to store such items.  
As at 11 June 2009, of the 1111 Olympians to that date, 114 were deceased and the whereabouts of 21 were unknown.  
Zuroff, the director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center office in Jerusalem, is the coordinator of Nazi war crimes research worldwide for the Wiesenthal Center and the author of its annual "Status Report" on the worldwide investigation and prosecution of Nazi war criminals which includes a list of "most wanted" Nazi war criminals.  
Yoga is a physical, mental and spiritual practice originated in India.  
The formation of the Association and the Hall was prompted by five professors from Michigan State University who were teaching a Women in American Society course.  
The gold frame is normally an automatic attachment to a ribbon decoration.  
It is the location of the Troll Ski Resort.  
The muriqui is the largest monkey in South America.  
The engine uses a redesigned hydrogen turbine.  
Engineering technicians often assist engineers and technologists in projects relating to research and development, or focus on post-development activities like implementation or operation.  
Partner services is a public health term which refers to the health intervention given to a client's intimate partners when a client goes to a health care provider requesting health care.  
This was a remake of the silent film version, directed by Elmer Clifton and starring Marguerite Courtot, Raymond McKee and Clara Bow.  
The standard requires compliance with IFRSs which are relevant to the specific circumstances of the entity.  
She was born in 1941 and won the bronze medal in the fours with Ann Sutherland, Pam John and Nina Shipperlee at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.  
Humphreys asserted that the men participating in such activity came from diverse social backgrounds, had differing personal motives for seeking same-sex sexual partners in such venues, and variously self-perceived as "straight," "bisexual," or "gay."  
ACG Norton College is a private school, owned by the Academic Colleges Group in New Zealand and having been first registered as a PTE in 2003.  
He drives the No. 63 Chevy Silverado for his own team in a joint effort with the MB Motorsports team in the Camping World Truck Series.  
In 2012 Sihabdeen was elected to the 2nd Eastern Provincial Council, representing United People's Freedom Alliance in the Batticaloa Electoral District.  
Frank Harris is a former American football quarterback.  
Live Web Messenger was the browser-based version of Windows Live Messenger developed by Microsoft which allowed users to send instant messages online and in real-time with others using the Microsoft Messenger service from within a web browser.  
The university also offers online degrees through the Division of Adult Learning.  
Guido Magherini (born 2 July 1951 in Florence) is a retired Italian professional football player and coach who played as a midfielder.  
Very Larry Christmas is an album by American comedian Larry the Cable Guy, released on November 16, 2004 on Warner Bros. Records.  
He was a center back.  
Since its invention, the term "grunge lit" has been retrospectively applied to novels written as early as 1977, namely Helen Garner's Monkey Grip.  
He appeared in more than thirty films since 1986.  
Its saliva contains toxins which paralyze earthworms in particular.  
She is best known for her roles as Jodie "Scout" Allen in Waterloo Road and Sinead Tinker in Coronation Street.  
Vasool (English: Money recovery or collection) is a 2017 Telugu action film produced by V. Anand Prasad under Bhavya Creations banner and directed by Puri Jagannadh.  
Oscar Ortigosa (born 29 January 1966) is a Peruvian swimmer.  
It provides insight to prospective undergraduate students using first-hand accounts of attending students as well as an overview of the admissions process.  
It is worn every year on 9 November, when the new Lord Mayor of the City of London is presented to the Law Courts.  
Archery at the 1992 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events.  
We have reached round three-the San Marino Grand Prix.  
For certain situations, the law says that safe identification is needed, without saying how it should done.  
In 2008 he founded the company with Bas Lansdorp.  
They were signed to Wah Wah Records after Paul Kosky heard their demo.  
The canton of Agen-1 is an administrative division of the Lot-et-Garonne department, southwestern France.  
Through this letter not only was the dignity and honor of women affirmed but of all people.  
Visa requirements for Trinidad and Tobago citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Trinidad and Tobago.  
Forever Young is Kaysha's latest album by Sushiraw entertainment released 2009.  
Tommy Griffin is a former Irish Gaelic football player for Kerry and current player with An Daingean.  
The 9th Air Division was a land-based aviation force of the Imperial Japanese Army.  
It was usually distinguished from the main Uncle Scrooge title in its focus on longer, full-length stories, often in the pulp adventure style.  
By the spring Jill Scott ended her headlining tour during the winter, she was invited to join rock singer Sting on his US tour.  
Steven Michael Goodman (born August 3, 1957) is an American conservation biologist, and field biologist on staff in the Department of Zoology at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago.  
Created in 2016, it is open to all clubs that are affiliated with the Puerto Rican Football Federation.  
Several members of the band were also in New Musik, and the band's line-up consisted of Straker along with Tony Mansfield, Tony Hibbert, David McShera, Pete Hammond and Phil Towner.  
The Fort Smith Classic was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour.  
Oocerina is an extinct genus of nautiloid cephalopods that lived during the Late Silurian of Europe, Russia, and North America.  
Hong Vo (born 1957) is a Vietnamese Australian social worker from the Melbourne and member of pro-democracy organization Viet Tan who was arrested in Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam on October 10, 2010 for participating in a peaceful political demonstration in Hanoi, Vietnam affirming Vietnam's sovereignty over the Paracel and Spratly islands.  
Sundsvall Dragons was a professional Swedish basketball club from Sundsvall.  
The film stars Lew Ayres, Pat Paterson, Peggy Fears, Sterling Holloway, Walter Woolf King and Alan Dinehart.  
For recent trends see the article Higher education in the United States.  
On March 10, 2016, Young was assigned to the Gladiators.  
Past recipients include ex-First Lady Lady Bird Johnson, who was honored in 1995 for her lifetime leadership in beautification and conservation campaigns.  
Tetrandrine has anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrogenic actions, which make tetrandrine and related compounds potentially useful in the treatment of lung silicosis, liver cirrhosis, and rheumatoid arthritis.  
He has finished in the top-ten at six ISU Championships, including two World Championships (2015 and 2018), competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics and the 2018 Winter Olympics, finishing 17th in both competitions.  
"More Than This" was shelved until 2011, when it was finally released independently by David Hodges' Sleepwalker Records.  
In the various fields of healthcare, a population study is a study of a group of individuals taken from the general population who share a common characteristic, such as age, sex, or health condition.  
Casket Mountain was so named on account of a casket-shaped rock outcropping.  
Mingachos (born May 27, 1998) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for New York Red Bulls II in the United Soccer League.  
The extent and causes of the decline have long been a subject of academic debate, along with its characterization as a genocide.  
Tikabali is a small town in Kandhamal district, a central district of Odisha state in India.  
Kevin Stewart Barker (born July 26, 1975) is an American retired professional baseball player.  
The station is currently owned by Laurens County Broadcasting Co., Inc and features programming from CBS Radio and Westwood One.  
Those missions are generally classified, so that their exact purposes and orbital elements are not published.  
Tri-borough is a project between three councils in west London, England to combine service provision.  
It is associated with acute cholecystitis.  
He was admitted to the Bar as a lawyer in 1827, but later became a Church of England clergyman, serving as vicar of Barkway with Reed, Hertfordshire, from 1840 to his death in 1881.  
The Liberal Democrats, led by outgoing Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, had their worst result since their formation in 1988, holding just eight out of their previous 57 seats with Cabinet ministers Vince Cable, Ed Davey and Danny Alexander losing their seats.  
Witness for the Prosecution is a 1957 American courtroom drama film with film noir elements.  
But then in 2010, a second species was described, Geosiris albiflora, from Mayotte Island in the Indian Ocean northwest of Madagascar.  
He also writes editorials for the page, as well as a biweekly column that appears on Mondays.  
It was abolished in 1976 and succeeded by East 'Are'are (which was won by Kenilorea, who went on to be appointed the Islands' first Chief Minister) and West 'Are'are (in which Kausimae was elected).  
Kevin Christopher Minter (born December 3, 1990) is an American football linebacker for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL).  
Although some direct damage caused by leafhopper feeding has been observed, it is relatively minor compared to the losses resulting from disease.  
At the time, it had total assets amounting to USD 11.6 billion.  
Error-driven learning is a sub-area of machine learning concerned with how an agent ought to take actions in an environment so as to minimize some error feedback.  
Dismukes is a surname.  
Imprisonment (from imprison Old French, French emprisonner, from en in + prison prison, from Latin prensio, arrest, from prehendere, prendere, to seize) is the restraint of a person's liberty, for any cause whatsoever, whether by authority of the government, or by a person acting without such authority.  
Villarroya de los Pinares is a municipality located in the Maestrazgo comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.  
The station was also the terminus of the Cornhill branch line to Coldstream which closed for passengers in 1930.  
The theory interprets all contractual obligations in terms of property rights, viewing a contract as a bundle of title transfers.  
It is endemic to rainforests on Enggano Island off Sumatra in Indonesia.  
Ekori is a community in Yakuur, Nigeria.  
Suck It and See is the fourth studio album by English rock band Arctic Monkeys, released on 6 June 2011 by Domino Recording Company.  
The word pedicure is derived from the Latin words pedis, which means "of the foot", and cura, which means "care".  
Dissegna was a popular child known for his constant smile and deep love for Jesus Christ and His Blessed Mother; he likewise recited rosaries on a frequent basis and was a frequent attendant at Mass each week following the reception of his First Communion.  
In 2008, ceramic artists are invited from Great Britain, the Netherlands and Belgium.  
She was also the first director of the Center for the Study of Women and Society at the CUNY Graduate Center.  
No team was promoted from the 2017 I.F.C. due to the rule that no reserve side who wins the I.F.C. (in this case Na Fianna 'B') can be promoted to the S.F.C. St. Vincent's were the defending champions having defeated Ballymun Kickhams in the previous year's final.  
This is the longest row remaining on Sydney's North Shore and the second longest row in Australia.  
Gait holds the Syracuse career goals record at 192 and the single-season goals record at 70, an NCAA record until 2008.  
Whitman died in 2014.  
Residence Inns typically feature a complimentary small hot breakfast in the morning and a complimentary reception on Monday through Wednesday evenings called "The Mix".  
Designed in a loose Baroque style, the throne is recessed in an apse before a reredos, supported by two Corinthian columns of jasper, which contains a large canvas dedicated to Peter I with Minerva by Jacopo Amigoni.  
Pratyoush Onta is a Nepali historian and editor based at Martin Chautari.  
It was produced by and features Mannie Fresh.  
The previous year had seen a peak in candidates contesting, but with the absence of the Greens, who had fielded a full slate last time around, candidates returned to a normal level.  
On this occasion, Veidt plays a hero, something he did not do very often, and there is also an early (uncredited) performance by Leo Genn.  
The site was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places by the Archeological Resource Management Service (ARMS) at Ball State University in 2008.  
Most cable companies have also issued new secured outside distribution boxes which require certain keys only given out to their installers to access, making theft via outside split line more difficult.  
The stated purpose of the project was originally "to revive America's patriotism," but this was later modified to suggest that its purpose was merely to encourage more singing of the national anthem, or to bring more public attention to the role of music in American schools.  
The company licenses its technologies to developers of consumer electronics devices and online media players, who integrate the technologies into media players, home and car stereos, and digital music devices.  
It includes the small island of Ngor.  
Maziar Bijani (born 1973) is a conservative cartoonist who publishes in Iranian newspapers such as Kayhan.  
Oscar S. Paulson (December 12, 1889- ) was an American Lutheran minister who served in the Wisconsin State Senate.  
Mankhar is a village in eastern Yemen.  
He represented Northern Ireland at under-21 level.  
The Dryden Baronetcy, of Canons Ashby in the County of Northampton, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 2 May 1795 for John Dryden.  
Take the Train is a card game marketed by the U.S. Playing Card Company under its Bicycle Games sub-brand.  
Tin Stars is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Isaac Asimov, Martin H. Greenberg and Charles G. Waugh as the fifth volume in their Isaac Asimov's Wonderful Worlds of Science Fiction series.  
In the 1990s he recorded and performed live with Advance Warning, a free jazz group, and in 2004 he rejoined keyboardist/flutist Thijs van Leer in Focus with whom he currently records and plays live in venues across the world.  
Current lineup consists of Martin J. Andersen (guitars, vocals), Jesper Bunk (bass) and Anders Hvidtfeldt (drums), who replaced original drummer, Benjamin Hove a few months after the debut album was released in 2003.  
The first hotel opened at the Trudeau International Airport in Montreal in 2008.  
Marter later joined Marillion, then Alaska, and since 1994 has played with the SAS Band, a loose conglomeration of musicians and singers led by Spike Edney, former keyboard player on stage with Queen.  
The Jupiter team aircraft are equipped with white smoke generators.  
Also injuries from hand grenades and bayonets have been reported.  
Gustav, 7th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Gustav Frederik Philip Richard; born 12 January 1969), is the eldest child and only son of Princess Benedikte of Denmark and Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg.  
Alan Hinchliffe had led the school from 2003 to 2012.  
As read in a Circus magazine (or the like) of the time, the song was composed by Tommy Shaw after hearing the sound of his motor boat engine when it failed to start.  
Sean used his studio musicians to record some demo material for Peter Criss that was simply released on Peter's solo album.  
Holland Landing is a village in the town of East Gwillimbury, located in the northern part of the Regional Municipality of York, in south-central Ontario, Canada.  
CondorBased on the Schweizer SGM 2-37 motor glider, a total of five RU-38s were produced between 1995 and 2005.  
Fox Lake has the name of John Fox, a pioneer settler.  
Just north of Erbs Cove, there is a cable ferry across Bellisle Bay.  
Several monuments of historical importance are also present in the area.  
The Boston refers to a series of various step dances, considered a slow Americanized version of the waltz presumably named after where it originated.  
Roscoe was laid out in 1877, and named in honor of Roscoe Conkling, a United States Senator from New York.  
SpiceJet is a low-cost airline headquartered in Gurgaon, India.  
Following this period, with Pulp's 2011 reunion, Doyle joined the rest of the Different Class line-up on stage in concert for their UK comeback gig at the Isle of Wight Festival on 11 June 2011.  
The station was opened prior to 1851 on the southern side of Merton Road and closed around 1876.  
The first bridge at this site was built in 1691 as Kerkstraatbrug and had 13 arches.  
After his death in 1990, the Clermont Historical Society acquired the building for a living history museum, and it contains its original blacksmithing equipment and furnishings.  
In order to research the book, Ellison spent time in an actual street gang in Brooklyn.  
The Porsche 993 is the internal designation for the version of the Porsche 911 model manufactured and sold between January 1994 and early 1998 (model years 1995-1998 in the United States), replacing the 964.  
The existence of mesoscale eddies were predicted by Henry Stommel in the 1960s, but there was no way to observe them with traditional sampling methods.  
The viewer can be used to view practically any file.  
The patent for "Apparatus for producing tremolo effects" was applied for in 1928 and officially granted to Doc Kauffman on January 5th, 1932.  
Easy Taxi was founded in 2011 in Brazil and has since expanded globally, covering the network of 30 countries and more than 420 cities.  
Glover is the first winner to have auditioned three times before being cast for the live shows.  
Beasley was a consensus All-American for the Tigers in 2013 and 2014.  
The Mound is a busy, if fairly steep, thoroughfare taking traffic to and from Princes Street and the Royal Mile in the Old Town.  
As of 2015 the province has 127 prisons and detention houses.  
A book secured on the girdle belt served both the utilitarian function of enabling hands-free carrying and protecting valuable books from theft and the elements.  
It reached number one on the UK charts.  
He has also played for and managed Mohun Bagan in the past.  
Rog-O-Matic is a bot developed in 1981 to play and win the computer game Rogue, by four graduate students in the Computer Science Department at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh: Andrew Appel, Leonard Hamey, Guy Jacobson and Michael Loren Mauldin.  
At the 2011 Census the population of the ward was 10,785.  
Monteverde is a comune in the province of Avellino in Southern Italy.  
It was begun in 1802 by the infantry officer William Lambton, under the auspices of the East India Company.  
Gautham Krishn is an Indian film actor who has appeared in lead roles of Malayalam as well as Tamil language films.  
LEVAN (Learning EVerything About ANything) is a visual processing search engine developed by computer scientists from Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence in Seattle and the University of Washington.  
Cruise's casting caused controversy among German politicians and members of the von Stauffenberg family due to the actor's practice of Scientology, which is viewed with suspicion in Germany.  
As of 2003, the district had a population of 35,942 inhabitants.  
It has its own numeration (067 XXX XXXX) and it is a prepaid product.  
Belgharia High School is one of the oldest school in Belgharia suburb of Kolkata.  
In 1996 both Ruth Copeland albums were licensed by HDH Inc. and reissued by P-Vine Records individually.  
It is the home of Major League Soccer's Los Angeles FC.  
Abaqus/Electromagnetic, a Computational electromagnetics software application which solves advanced computational electromagnetic problems.  
It is now used for the red and rose wines produced in the region (following Local Wine Law,99).  
Article 5 affirms linguistic rights as cultural rights in accordance with International Bill of Human Rights.  
According to the New York Times, Ho hoped that theater companies could take advantage of the spaces.  
He was born on 21 September 1914 at Ganjam in the Indian state of Odisha in a Brahmin family and took to folk dancing.  
Martin attended St. Anselm College and the University of Hartford.  
The film was made on a small budget in Sydney with a predominantly Australian cast.  
He lost the June 2016 Democratic primary election to Robert White.  
Wa-154, 1956 Yokohama District Court (Yokohama Chiho-saiban-sho), initiated February 22, 1956.  
Western Bank Ltd v Pretorius is an important case in South African law, particularly in the area of civil procedure.  
The 1st Uruguayan Film Critics Association Awards were held in 2001.  
The original ending (Franco's cavalry entry in the village, intentionally showed as a blurred image) was cut by Spanish censorship of that time.  
Among other features, there are spoken articles, "showcased" articles and provincial portals.  
As a young player Van Hoyweghen began playing for K.F.C. V.W. Hamme before joining K.S.K. Beveren in 1988.  
Cosmopterix diplozona is a moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.  
"My Neighbor Was a Teenage Robot" aired on Nickelodeon in January 5, 1999.  
This is a list of canceled nuclear reactors in the United States.  
Laredo College (LC), formerly known as Laredo Community College, was established as Laredo Junior College on September 28, 1947, by the Laredo Independent School District in Laredo, the county seat of Webb County in south Texas.  
In some cases, the scar can be darker-colored, and, in all cases, it will encircle the shaft of the penis.  
Ocinebrina aciculata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.  
From 2004 to 2005, the team formed a partnership with then-Craftsman Truck Series team Germain Racing as Germain-Arnold Racing, although Germain fielded Toyota Tundras in the Truck Series while the Cup Series team fielded Dodges.  
Bill Burnett is an American songwriter, composer, musician, singer, writer, director, television producer and voice actor who is best known for co-creating Nickelodeon's ChalkZone along with Larry Huber.  
The BOTS Act outlawed the resale of tickets purchased using bot technology and set a fine of $16,000 for violations of the act, which is enforced by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  
It is most common in the southern half of its range.  
Although licensed as a broadcast translator prohibited from carrying its own programming, it broadcasts under a legal loophole allowed by the Federal Communications Commission, by simulcasting on HD Radio channel 2 of WJMZ FM 107.3, allowing such stations to sidestep the restriction on translators, as well as regulations regarding the excessive concentration of media ownership by a single company in a given media market.  
Historically it was used as offices and by the county courts.  
Hartnett subsequently joined his brother, John, on the Cork senior team, making his debut during the 1984 championship.  
At this meeting, world leaders ratified the United Nations Millennium Declaration.  
Patterson was an electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian State of New South Wales from 1859 to 1880, in the Hunter River region.  
Beasley also backed Etta James at recording sessions in New Orleans.  
He began his career with the release of his first album Cassini in 2011, which was self-recorded and independently released.  
Former UFC fighter Kenny Florian and MLB/NFL Sportscaster Chris Rose returned from the last two seasons to host this eighth season of BattleBots on Discovery.  
The Dynamic Invocation Interface (DII) is an API which allows dynamic construction of CORBA object invocations.  
Aside from pedagogical interest, 4-Quinolone is of little intrinsic value but its derivatives, the 4-quinolone antibiotics represent a large class of important drugs.  
In 2016, Blakey joined William Klippgen to start Cocoon Capital - a SGD10m venture firm targeting early-stage digital startups in Southeast Asia and India with a novel approach to early-stage investing.  
According to one of the mod's core developers, Amineri, the mod started as a series of changes to the base game's configuration file, and grew more expansive as the team's capabilities grew.  
American Signal Corporation is an outdoor warning siren company in America founded in 1942.  
Maharani Kanchan Prava Devi the daughter of the HH Sir Maharaja Yadenvdra Singh, the King of Panna State and the wife of the King of Tripura State, Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarman and regent from 1947 to 1949.She ruled Tripura overseeing the merger and incorporation into Independent India.  
Chondrostoma holmwoodii, sometimes known as the Izmir nase or Eastern Aegean nase, is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.  
The Tetapaga Syncline, also known as the Lake Tetapaga Syncline, is a northeasterly trending syncline in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, located in Strathy Township of the municipality of Temagami.  
This event correlates with the celebration of Philippine Independence in the month of June.  
Clyde W. Yancy is an American cardiologist, currently the Magerstadt Professor at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine.  
Melithaea ochracea is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Melithaeidae, commonly known as knotted fan coral.  
Her research is mainly located in discourse studies and in critical discourse analysis.  
A gas cracker device splits the molecule at a rate much greater than that normally found in nature.  
He attended the University of Tennessee his freshman year of college, but decided to leave the football program in March 2010.  
Benjamin died by murder in 1881, during the couple's tenure at this house.  
The Gage Baronetcy, of Firle Place in the County of Sussex, was created in the Baronetage of England on 26 March 1622.  
Gutsville is a currently on hiatus six issue comic book limited series from Image Comics which began in May 2007.  
Section 504 loans and grants are a USDA rural housing repair program authorized under Section 504 of the Housing Act of 1949.  
The team was composed of Canadian and American wrestlers who believed that Canada was superior to the United States of America.  
Whobegotyou was by the outstanding racehorse and sire, Street Cry (IRE), who won the Dubai World Cup and is the sire of winners of more than $51 million including, Shocking, Street Sense and Zenyatta.  
The song was performed by Hovi Star.  
Euphorbia sekukuniensis is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family.  
Bye Blackbird is a 1993 jazz album by Keith Jarrett's "Standards Trio".  
Wilsele is a part of the city of Leuven, Flemish Brabant, Flanders, Belgium.  
Skin is a British-South African 2008 biographical film about Sandra Laing, a South African woman born to white parents, who was classified as "Colored" during the apartheid era, presumably due to a genetic case of atavism.  
Credit Valley Conservation (CVC) is one of 36 Conservation Authorities in Ontario, Canada, responsible for protecting, restoring and managing natural resources at the watershed level.  
Such things as what attributes and skills will define characters are left to be determined by the Game Master and players, and several different optional systems for resolving actions and conflicts are offered.  
South Wallins is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States.  
She became SS Carola in 1940, SS Mary Louise in 1946 and SS Maria L. in 1950.  
At these Championships, bands are judged in their respective classes, including A, AA, AAA, and AAAA.  
He was knighted in 1895.He died in London in 1907.  
It was created on 27 July 1895 for the industrialist, Liberal politician and philanthropist John Brunner.  
Ludovic Bernard is a French film director, and second unit director.  
She married three times; her first husband was Sir Richard Wingfield, by whom she had ten children; he died in 1525.  
Although the year-round population is only 22, during the summer season, the population swells to around 300, mostly tourists.  
During his long stay in the American metropolis and from his many trips to Japan he matured artistic interests.  
While this was going on, Hasan and, after his death, his brother Husain ibn Ali, remained the religious leaders, at least according to the Shia.  
CJSN (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format.  
Patricia Bean McConnell (born November 16, 1948) is an Adjunct Professor of Zoology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, and expert in animal behavior.  
The film was produced by Rustic Lantern Films, as subsidiary of Deaf Empowerment Awareness Foundation.  
Monnett Hall was razed in the late 1970s and the site is now occupied by Monnett Gardens.  
Westringia senifolia, commonly known as alpine westringia, is a shrub that is endemic to Victoria, Australia.  
The Vicky Bliss Mysteries is a mystery novel series by Barbara Mertz, writing as Elizabeth Peters.  
The group signed a contract with King Records, in Japan and proceeded to release their first album, Glory Thy Name on December 18, 2004.  
The SYMA began negotiating a merger with the West Yorkshire Miners' Association; this was completed in 1881, forming the new Yorkshire Miners' Association.  
Plain old telephone service (POTS), or plain ordinary telephone service, is a retronym for voice-grade telephone service employing analog signal transmission over copper loops.  
It is a spur road of National Highway 352.  
In the 1938 Tour de France, Jean Majerus repeated this by winning the second stage, and taking the yellow jersey, this time keeping it for four days.  
The inclusion of non-Europeans in the definition of white is controversial.  
The flower has usually six tepals, the inner three of which are largest, triangular and edged with teeth, and bearing tubercles.  
The third season of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend premiered on The CW on October 13, 2017 and ran for 13 episodes until February 16, 2018.  
Her term began in 2011 and she resigned her seat, effective February 1, 2012, to accept the position director of Medicaid in the Kansas Department of Health and Environment.  
Anthony John Sidoti (born 31 July 1970), an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Drummoyne since 2011.  
It was also released as a single, with a B-side of "Problem Child", in 1977.  
It was released on December 19, 2007 and debuted at #2 on the Oricon Daily Charts, ending as #3 overall for the week.  
After that, Stansfield took a break from music and focused on her film career.  
Mohammed Shafiullah Khan (born in Fiji) is a judge of the Supreme Court of Nauru, appointed in 2014.  
The current editors are William D. Lastrapes, professor of economics at the University of Georgia; David VanHoose, professor of economics at Baylor University; and Ping Wang, professor of economics at Washington University in St. Louis.  
The firm currently has more than 800 attorneys in 21 offices.  
They are all black solids that dissolve sparingly in organic solvents to give deeply colored solutions.  
Incite is an American groove metal band from Phoenix, Arizona formed in 2004.  
The company was established in 1989, and has 68 restaurants across the country.  
Oyola skates for Traffic skateboards (which he owns), Krux trucks and autobahn wheels.  
Records has been the name of multiple 20th century record labels, most famously Sun Records, a Memphis-based music label.  
The People's Popular Movement was a political party in Trinidad and Tobago.  
Regarded for his talent for writing sports films, Jeff Maguire got his first screenwriting break with his script Escape to Victory, a film about soccer directed by John Huston in 1981.  
The Brown Singers along with the Ebenezer Baptist Church Mass Choir have produced 19 live recording albums.  
Formed in 1936, the ECRC has the task of formalizing the rules, organizing regatta dates and judging any disputes between members.  
A constitutional referendum was held in South Korea on 12 February 1975.  
The Toowoomba Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving Toowoomba, the Lockyer Valley and Darling Downs regional areas in Queensland, Australia.  
Murray has been interviewed widely, such as NPR, the New York Times, and physician education sites.  
The Daily Telegraph newspaper has described the organization as "the modernizing wing of the Tory party" and the ConservativeHome website has described it as "a deep intellectual gene pool for the Conservative Party's future".  
He is the son of former premier Thane A. Campbell and Cecilia L. Bradshaw.  
However, the AS-C has non-proneural functions, such as specifying muscle and gut progenitors.  
The Arnhem sheath-tailed bat, (Taphozous kapalgensis) is a species of sheath-tailed bat in the family Emballonuridae.  
They publish perfect bound novels, short story collections and other works, and offer "mini-books" of short stories and novellas for free download.  
Dichomeris trisignella is a moth in the Gelechiidae family.  
The Description of a New World, Called The Blazing-World, better known as The Blazing World, is a 1666 work of prose fiction by the English writer Margaret Cavendish, the Duchess of Newcastle.  
Elizabeth "Ella" Gunson (born 9 July 1989) is a New Zealand field hockey player.  
Lenyrhova is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family which is known from eastern Madagascar.  
This enabled the studio to replace its 4-track Studer J37 multitrack tape recorder with the 8-track 3M M23.  
Globiceps is a genus of plant-feeding insects of the family Miridae.  
Hamlet was an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia.  
The Mandela National Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Uganda.  
He also pariticpated in 2006 Asian Games.  
The Battle of the Florida Mountains was an action of the Apache Wars.  
Programs from autumn 2006 onwards are approved and accredited by the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research, UAE.  
The broadcast of the first series began in November 2013; the third series commenced in January 2017.  
The expulsion of the Jews from Sicily began in 1493 when the Spanish Inquisition reached the island of Sicily and its population of more than 30,000 Jews.  
It may be included in the Hudson River Historic District.  
It was edited by Martin H. Greenberg.  
The First English Civil War's outbreak led to a complete suspension of legal education, with the Inns close to being shut down for almost four years.  
The name of the movement came from the three-year Course in Ecclesiastical Architecture which was offered from 1946 to 1973 in the Kruithuis in 's-Hertogenbosch.  
Centaurs orbit the Sun between Jupiter and Neptune, often crossing the orbits of the large gas giants.  
The parish of St Paul's in Glenageary is a large vibrant parish in the Church of Ireland Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough.  
Mithridates fled to the Crimea and committed suicide in 63 BC, finally ending the Third Mithridatic War.  
XHCHZ-TDT (virtual channel 13) is the Chihuahua, Chihuahua television station that is owned and operated by Televisa, retransmitting the Las Estrellas network.  
Alongside Nicholson in the band are Jon McClure and Joe Moskow, both of Reverend and the Makers, Babyshambles bassist Drew McConnell and Matt Helders from Arctic Monkeys as well as London rapper Lowkey from the Poisonous Poets.  
The lead ship of two in her class, she was named for a ruminant mammal belonging to the family Cervidae.  
The Abbott 33 is a Canadian sailboat, that was designed by Jan Torben Larsen and Abbott Boats.  
Arthur Malcolm Price (born 30 April 1946) is a retired English motorcycle speedway rider.  
He is best known for his 2002 book Postmodern Anarchism, which develops an account of postmodern anarchism through philosophers such as Friedrich Nietzsche and cyberpunk writers such as William Gibson and Bruce Sterling.  
He has served as President of the South Australian Legislative Council from 2014 to the 2018 election.  
In 1282 Riga became a member of the Hanseatic League bringing both commerce and industry to Riga.  
In this regard, the lower friction levels of the canal make it a more economical solution than the pipeline.  
He has worked extensively in radio with over 2000 broadcasts for the BBC including Uncle Mort in the Radio 4 comedy series by Peter Tinniswood.  
It is endemic to Liberty County, Florida, where it is known from about ten populations.  
The 12 Disasters of Christmas (alternatively written as 12 Disasters of Christmas; released on DVD as 12 Disasters) is a Canadian-American science fiction action television film produced for Syfy in 2012 and directed by Steven R. Monroe.  
Cithna is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Liotiidae.  
It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the country's central bank and the national banking regulator.  
He started his solo career with Between Green and Blue and Sleeping On The Edge Of The World.  
It flowered in 2010 and died in 2012.On October 22, 2008, Daily Naya Diganta and Daily Jaijaidin reported that there were a few more plants still remaining at Edward Park, Bogra.  
He is also a member of the band Revolution Saints.  
The six rounds of the 1986 Australian Endurance Championship, all of which were also rounds of the 1986 Australian Manufacturers' Championship.  
He was part of the Wales national football team between 1904 and 1905, playing 2 matches.  
Rai Chowdhuri was a prolific writer with primary interests in nuclear issues and South Asian Politics.  
The first edition was broadcast from the Tabernacle Baptist Church in Cardiff, and the series is one of the longest running of its kind on television anywhere in the world.  
Until 2017 it was the only species of the genus Oristicta.  
The World University Baseball Championship is an under-23 international college baseball competition sponsored by the International University Sports Federation (FISU) and was first held in 2002 in Italy.  
The type species M. microdenta was named in 2011.  
Since the outbreak of the disease the sufferers were often thought to suffer from psychiatric disorder such as hysteria.  
Dedicated to finding and fostering young musical talent, the NFMC conducts annual Junior Festivals with more than 117,000 participants.  
Poulter was the Pickup Truck Racing Rockingham Superspeedway Champion and Rookie Champion in 2005, with a total of eight race wins.  
Chamani Seneviratne has scored the most number of runs on debut test for Sri Lanka (148 runs in both innings) and she is also the leading runscorer for Sri Lanka in test matches, despite Sri Lanka Women's managing to play their only test in 1998.  
In The World, to be a "Caretaker of the Islands" to "house-sit" the islands of the Great Barrier Reef for half a year, based on Hamilton Island.  
Yvonne Cryns (born 1951) is an American midwife and political activist.  
Ireri Gathimba (born 26 October 1987) is a Kenyan racewalking athlete.  
Abhijit Pohankar (born 29 June 1975, in Mumbai) is an Indian classical instrumentalist.  
Its Health Professions Branch offers the most transfers, closely followed by the Global Enterprises program.  
Bibliographic entries can be exported as BibTeX through unAPI, making it compatible with Zotero.  
It is sometimes placed in the genus Underwoodisaurus.  
As of 2008, some 8,232 immovable cultural properties and heritage sites have been identified, the last being those places in which items of cultural property are contained.  
They are usually, a mix of seasoned internationals, and promising youngsters.  
The screenplay was written by William A. Drake, based on a novel by Hawthorne Hurst.  
Billbergia brasiliensis is a species in the genus Billbergia.  
In the game, the player pilots a biplane and must save animals and a royal family from gorillas holding them captured.  
The Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction is a Canadian literary award that annually recognizes one Canadian writer for a non-fiction book written in English.  
Rising Sun is a 1993 American crime film written and directed by Philip Kaufman, starring Sean Connery (who was also an executive producer), Wesley Snipes, Harvey Keitel, and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa.  
Monoamine neurotransmitters are neurotransmitters and neuromodulators that contain one amino group connected to an aromatic ring by a two-carbon chain (such as -CH2-CH2-).  
The Dream has qualified for the WNBA Playoffs in seven of its nine years in Atlanta and has reached the WNBA Finals three times.  
However, he was released early from prison, after President Bill Clinton extended a clemency offer in August 1999.  
Tung Chung South constituency is loosely based on Tung Chung with an estimated population of 22,048.  
Korea were at their peak in the 1980s, where they won 3 consecutive Asian championships (defeating full-strength Japan squads), and even managed to play a test against the Wallabies.  
BRP Emilio Liwanag (PG-118) is a Tomas Batillo class fast attack craft of the Philippine Navy.  
It was invented by a collaborative team of wiki enthusiasts, including Ward Cunningham, Jack Herrick, and many others.  
Graeme Cecil Gunn AM (born 1933 in Hamilton, Victoria) is an Australian architect.  
Alan later played a considerable part in Alexander II of Scotland's northern English ambitions during the violent aftermath of John's repudiation of Magna Carta.  
The present house dates from the 1790s, and was a property of the Pringle family.  
Great Hall, as the dance hall was then called, was also used by the Girl Scouts for roller skating and, in bad weather, for various other activities.  
Remedy UK was created in response to what was perceived to be an insufficiently robust response by the official doctors' trade union, the BMA, and professional associations (Royal Colleges of Medicine).  
Craig B. Hummer, born on May 20, 1965, is an American sportscaster.  
This is a list of Norwegian football transfers in the summer transfer window 2015 by club.  
Produced by Saul Davies, guitarist and co-producer with British rock group James.  
The tuning relationship is not perfect, but it can never vary.  
Ski Apache has nine lifts including one gondola lift, three Quad Chairlifts, and four triple chairlifts.  
The View River Neighborhood Association is a community located at Barangay Batasan Hills, Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines.  
Op-ed contributors to the Jewish Voice include Jerusalem Post columnist and editor, Caroline Glick, UN Ambassador John Bolton, British news analyst Melanie Phillips, Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer, feminist icon and New York post editorial writer Dr. Phyllis Chesler, Holocaust historian and prolific author, Dr. Rafael Medoff, as well as political commentator, Daniel Greenfield.  
The SPP offers two primary funds, the Balanced Fund (BF) and the Short-term Fund (STF).  
Joel Chadabe (born 1938) is a composer, author, and internationally recognized pioneer in the development of interactive music systems.  
The rites can be considered part of what is now the Western branch of the Orthodox Church.  
KSC airs a college radio format.  
An army was assembled to restore Taj al-Din, but before it could march Herat was attacked by a coalition of tribes from the Chagatai Khanate under the command of the amir Qazaghan in 1351.  
The Suchilquitongo Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico.  
Carcase for Hounds received mixed reviews.  
In 2007 the radio station moved to its new location at 410 Kinchant in downtown Quesnel.  
In 1989, Jeannette retired and relocated to Charlottesville, VA.  
The community, in common with other Second Order Franciscan communities, is an enclosed and contemplative one, and the sisters provide for their own needs through a variety of activities.  
He is one of the country's most successful producers, and became known for a series of commercial successes and for screen adaptations of literary works.  
In 2015, the Central Marin Police Authority consolidated its police dispatchers with Marin County, California, after discussion began two years prior.  
It is one of a number of stations to have held the name at various times and should not be confused with the current Alexandra Palace station which is on the East Coast Main Line to the east of the closed station.  
Free-mo modules may even be composed of several sections, forming a module set.  
Cirrhimuraena chinensis is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).  
The following lists events that happened during 1977 in New Zealand.  
The yellow-throated frog, Trinidadian stream frog, Trinidad stream frog, or Trinidad poison frog (Mannophryne trinitatis) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family that is endemic to the island of Trinidad in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.  
It serves as the parish church for St. Joseph's Parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile.  
Tony Moll (born August 23, 1983) is a retired American football guard and offensive tackle of the National Football League (NFL).  
Frontline Ltd. is the world's largest oil tanker shipping company, based in Hamilton, Bermuda and controlled by John Fredriksen.  
The LRTA Class 1200 is a high floor LRV of the Light Rail Transit Authority (LRTA) in the Philippines, which began operation in 2006.  
The book shares a similar plot line as one of Scott's earlier novels, The Hallows.  
Possibly built on the site of a Saxon church, construction of the present building began in the 13th-century with additions in the 15th-century and later.  
WPRP (910 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News radio format.  
In 1999 Rucci published and co-authored Dynasty, the story of legendary Port Adelaide coach Fos Williams and his family's dynasty in football.  
Shortly after the cancelation, on June 21, 2017, the Adirondack Daily Enterprise reported that WIRD has been off the air for at least two years.  
It was developed by the Interactive Software Federation of Europe (ISFE) and came into use in April 2003; it replaced many national age rating systems with a single European system.  
He is also chairman of e.  
Along with third- and fourth-generation German-Australians, the group includes singers with Dutch, British, Polish and Irish backgrounds.  
His legal work ranged from murder and assault, to worker's compensation and constitutional issues.  
Sumant Sinha (born February 1965) is a former Indian investment banker and a noted entrepreneur of recent times entrepreneurship in the Indian renewable energy sector.  
Roman numbers are more stable at an estimated 30,000 men total, with around 17,000 of these being Romans and the rest being a composition of Macedonian and Greek allied troops.  
DNA replication licensing factor MCM3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MCM3 gene.  
It is associated with the Instantdegrees.com website.  
Sanam Jung had left on the end month of the year due to giving birth to a daughter.  
In 1999, the British Film Institute named Saturday Night and Sunday Morning the 14th greatest British film of all time on their Top 100 British films list.  
Chandraguptha Chanakya is an Indian Tamil language historical drama film produced and directed by C. K. Sachi with Bhavani K. Sambamurthy and N. C. Vasanthakokilam in the lead roles.  
The Mariner Moose was featured on the ballot for the Mascot Hall of Fame in 2006 and 2007.  
It has a guard of ants.  
El Hachimi is a Moroccan professional footballer, who plays as a Defender for Wydad Casablanca.  
It is a bilingual organization and publishes the bilingual journal Canadian Journal of Political Science (Revue canadienne de science politique).  
Schroeppel is located in the southeast part of the county.  
Alex Bugnon (born October 10, 1958) is a jazz pianist and composer from Montreux, Switzerland.  
In a recent interview, she stated that she does not intend to marry the father, as she is afraid of divorce.  
Initial plans were to have the second volume's timeline go through World War II, but due to the amount of material, an upcoming third volume should cover the period from 1920 until 1945.  
Hypocrita phanoptoides is a moth of the family Erebidae.  
Paracosm is the second studio album by American singer Washed Out, released on August 7, 2013 by Sub Pop.  
Croydon is a town and locality within the Shire of Croydon in Queensland, Australia.  
Founded in 1685, it has been part of the Hirslanden Private Hospital Group since 1998.  
Starcke is a locality in the Shire of Cook, Queensland, Australia.  
Daoud is married and has three children.  
Parties that received less than 2.5% and coalitions that received less than 4% of the valid votes on the national scale in the first round of elections did not benefit from the respective multi-name list.  
Dhaiber made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1981-82, against Gujarat.  
At club level Hyland is a two-time county club championship medalist with the Clough/Ballacolla club.  
Pucher and his team won over 30 competition around the world.  
Zumbrota Township was organized in 1858.  
Kalhang is a village located north of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India.  
Her work was selected for the 2010: Whitney Biennial, featured in major art collections, and has been exhibited throughout the United States and internationally, in Iceland, the UK, and Germany.  
It has been expanded several times, most recently in 2011.  
Louis Edgar Wharton, born at Port of Spain, Trinidad on 18 January 1896 and died there on 31 December 1957, played first-class cricket in 12 matches in English cricket in the period from 1920 to 1922.  
Indeed, "Nobody saw anything" is downward entailing and admits the negative polarity item anything, while * "I saw anything" is ungrammatical (the upward entailing context does not license such a polarity item).  
His academic work focuses in two areas: development ethics and history and philosophy of science.  
Internal fixation is an operation in orthopedics that involves the surgical implementation of implants for the purpose of repairing a bone.  
Virtual reality-enabled versions for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive were released on 18 October 2017.  
Kimber James (born April 2, 1988 in Miami, Florida, United States) is an American former pornographic actor.  
It is based on the novel Nostromo by Joseph Conrad.  
Many register languages are tonal.  
Elissa is a Lebanese singer, songwriter and record producer.  
Egan has made three music videos: Om Yoga & Meditation, Music on the Edge, and Bass Workshop.  
The following lists events that happened during 2016 in Cape Verde.  
Prague College is an English-language private university in the Vinohrady district of Prague, Czech Republic, founded in 2004.  
Attepur is a village in Batala in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India.  
The 2003 CECAFA Cup was the 27th edition of the CECAFA Cup, which involves teams from Southern and Central Africa.  
The Zilveren Harp (Silver Harp) is a Dutch award given annually to promising musical talent.  
She has also been involved with producing black theater, having been former artistic director of the Black Theater Co-operative and chair of the Black Theater Forum.  
The 380s decade ran from January 1, 380, to December 31, 389.  
Derived from the Ranger T6, the 2019 Ford Ranger will be manufactured in the United States.  
Amazon Studios released a pilot episode of a television adaptation, Oasis, in March 2017.  
On May 4th, 1859, Sims, with other influential men like A. J. King and Henry D. Barrows, served on a committee to raise funds to build the first Protestant church in Los Angeles.  
Andrew Herman (born August 26, 1983) is a retired American professional soccer striker.  
Once Just has played with such artists as, Jars of Clay, D.O.A. (band), Ill Scarlett, Marianas Trench (band), Rides Again, Staggered Crossing, MoBadAss, Maestro Fresh Wes, Danko Jones and many others.  
Despite all this, common name common rainforest frog has been coined for it.  
Tranylcypromine is a propylamine formed from the cyclization of amphetamine's side chain; therefore, it is classified as a substituted amphetamine.  
He joined Shamrock Rovers from Stella Maris in 1993 and made his debut on 3 April 1994 as Rovers sealed their 15th League Championship [3].  
Anil Rajbhar is the state minister of Uttar Pradesh with independent charge.  
The result was a victory for Teburoro Tito, who won 51.1% of the vote.  
Mefisto in Onyx is a science fiction novella by American writer Harlan Ellison.  
He held water supply and sanitation, parliamentary affairs, electronics and information technology, science and technology and public works as a minister in Haryana cabinet.  
52 units have been sold and closed.  
Dagogo is an alumnus of the University of Port Harcourt and lives currently in Berlin/Germany.  
VK Opatija (Croatian: Vaterpolski klub Opatija) is a Croatian water polo club based in Opatija.  
Typically if a Latin word has an unknown, uncertain or disputed origin, it is considered a possible candidate for deriving in whole or in part from an Etruscan word; however, native Etruscan must then be distinguished from Greek.  
Rock the Garden is an annual summer music festival organized by the Walker Art Center and Minnesota Public Radio held in Minneapolis, Minnesota.  
Smallworld was acquired by GE Energy in September 2000.  
University Avenue is the primary thoroughfare through Morris Heights.  
His interests are primarily in Metaphysics and the philosophy of Leibniz.  
The following tables compare general and technical information for notable computer cluster software.  
Davis is a former college football quarterback who played for the Alabama Crimson Tide from 1970 to 1972.  
About a year later, they signed a record deal with Dunwich Records, changed their name to The Luv'd Ones, and released several more singles over a five-year period, mostly written by Char Vinnedge.  
This occurs because there is a strong linkage disequilibrium that exists between DLA class II loci.  
During the time when New York was the capital of the United States, it was the de facto Library of Congress.  
Washington Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Gila County, Arizona, United States.  
In August 1583, while servant to Sir Christopher Hatton, he created town plans of Athenry and Galway, which he sent to Sir Francis Walsingham.  
This compares with a pattern of steady decline indicated by census results during the 20th century.  
Dark Room Sex Game is a video game released on the Internet in February 2008 for Windows and Mac OS.  
Performance management (PM) includes activities which ensure that goals are consistently being met in an effective and efficient manner.  
The South Australian Railways D class was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives operated by the South Australian Railways.  
Red Bull BC One is an annual international B-Boy competition organized by the energy drink company Red Bull.  
It's production was announced in 1999.  
It was created on 12 July 1910 for John James Briscoe.  
It originally aired on April 1, 2010.  
His influences, both of the literary and music world, include Leonard Cohen, Hank Williams, Richard Brautigan and E. E. Cummings.  
Derek McGrath (born 1976) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a center-forward for the Waterford senior team.  
It is located 13 kilometers from Kotli.  
Pond is a psychedelic rock band from Perth, Western Australia, formed in 2008.  
In January 2011, Xie defended his title in the Australian Open Chess Championship 2011 which he won two years earlier.  
As a player, he played in midfield for numerous Scottish clubs, most notably Dunfermline Athletic.  
The last occurrence of a Test match being won in two days also featured South Africa and Zimbabwe, when South Africa won by an innings and 21 runs in Cape Town in March 2005.  
A letter from a monk, John Musard, written while in prison, which has been printed by Noake, contains a list of complaints against a certain 'untrue master,' who is clearly identical with More, for one charge is that he made a new miter, a needless extravagance, and the costs of this miter are entered in More's diary.  
The population in 2007 was 9,392.  
However, a variety of legal issues regularly transcend state lines, which makes a predictable and relatively uniform set of laws across states a desirable objective.  
The firm was bailed out by the Bundesbank and other German banks in October 2008 in the midst of the global financial crisis, before approving a complete nationalization a year later.  
Sun Yat-sen and Li Yuan-hung were elected as President and Vice-President respectively.  
Canelo is a ghost town in eastern Santa Cruz County, Arizona, between the Canelo Hills and the northern end of the Huachuca Mountains.  
Lee co-edited with Richard Daly The Cambridge Encyclopedia of Hunter-Gatherers, which was first published in 1999.  
Iran had a comprehensive and effective program of family planning since the beginning of the 1990s.  
The legal fiction used was that by failing to pay after promising to do so, a defendant had committed deceit, and was liable to the plaintiff.  
DundeeWealth Inc. was a Canadian financial services company, formerly a public company and subsidiary of Dundee Corporation.  
No Bananas is a 10-episode television miniseries that aired on BBC TV in 1996.  
On September 21, 2006, the Chicago Cubs, who had previously had a Double-A affiliation with division rival West Tenn Diamond Jaxx, reached a two-year player development contract with the Smokies through the 2008 season.  
She also had a role in the musical The Toxic Avenger (musical) for which she received positive reviews.  
The league disbanded after Hall's 1921 death.  
He reigned for 6 years and died in 1049.  
She previously held leadership positions at Bayer Medical Care, Medco Health Solutions, Nabisco and Whirlpool Corporation.  
Nacoleia tricrossa is a moth in the family Crambidae.  
All of the above models can be described by the same mathematical model (density matrix) which can behave differently depending on the set of initial parameters (coupling strength between the X and multi-X, density of states, decay rates).  
Spider-Man: Toxic City is an action game designed for mobile phone.  
Silverado premiered in the United States on July 9, 1985.  
A charanguita player can vary the notes and volume independently of its pitch.  
It was released in March 1997 on Hit It!  
This list includes all Scotland players who have made 4 appearances or less for the national team.  
They are perhaps best known for their 1981 hit, "Call Me", as well as their 1989 "comeback" hits, "Start of a Romance" and "Real Love".  
Josh is played by Robert Newman and Reva is played by Kim Zimmer.  
In theory, up to 32 nodes could be clustered together, offering up to one teraflop in theoretical peak performance.  
The Miltimore House is a historic house in South Pasadena, California, U.S..  
The Quad-City Times is a daily morning newspaper based in Davenport, Iowa, and circulated throughout the Quad Cities metropolitan area (Davenport, Bettendorf and Scott County in Iowa; and Moline, East Moline, Rock Island and Rock Island County in Illinois).  
General elections were held in India in 1989 to elect the members of the 9th Lok Sabha.  
The most recent election was in May 2013; the next is due to be held in 2019.  
Composed of prominent political, scientific and industrial figures, the Interim Committee had broad terms of reference which included advising the President on wartime controls and the release of information, and making recommendations on post-war controls and policies related to nuclear energy, including legislation.  
In his writings and speeches, Nehru had laid great emphasis on the manner in which post-colonial India would rebuild its Asia connections.  
Appointed to the task in 1679, he became one of the editors of the many volumes in the series.  
As with most telecommunication signaling methods, it uses routing information to direct the payload of voice or data to its destination.  
Cooper (born October 1, 1986) is a former American football center from Fort Collins, Colorado, who played for four seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Minnesota Vikings and Tennessee Titans .  
The Georgia State Panthers represent the NCAA Division I sports teams of Georgia State University.  
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home venue for Arusha FC.  
The samples her team collected were instrumental in allowing a global collaborative research group to locate the gene that causes the disease.  
He was educated at Sedbergh School, the University of East Anglia (BA, 1970).  
In 1837, the Lexington switched to the route between New York and Stonington, Connecticut, the terminus of the newly built railroad from Boston.  
This award recognizes faculty for offering sound counsel, sharing time and expertise, serving as a role model, creating an engaged academic community, and promoting awareness of the men and women they mentor.  
It has no title there.  
This is explained by an array of factors, some of which involve regional problems.  
The game went into development in late 1999, it used a new type of geographic software called "re-flex" (renamed Geo-Mod by Volition) which allowed the integration of fully destructible level maps.  
Trehafod railway station is a railway station serving the township of Trehafod in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.  
Founded in 2005, the ministry became part of the Ministry of Economic Development and Innovation in 2011.  
The film was nominated for a Best Song Oscar for "Blues in the Night" (Music by Harold Arlen; lyrics by Johnny Mercer).  
It is located at 2nd Street and D Street, Southeast, Washington, D.C., in the Capitol Hill neighborhood.  
Since 1992, Mr. Seeger serves as President & CEO of Financial Markets International, Inc., (FMI) a law and economic consulting firm.  
A Preferred List is a 1933 American Pre-Code short comedy film produced by Lou Brock.  
All works are selected for publication based on their ability to educate the public.  
A sellisternium for the Magna Mater was part of her ludi Megalenses; a representation of her temple on the Augustan Ara Pietatis probably shows her sellisternum, which includes Attis, her castrated consort.  
The critique has since been revised in several different versions and languages.  
York County is part of the Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-Rock Hill SC Metropolitan Statistical Area.  
Oliver "Ollie" Frank Schniederjans (born June 15, 1993) is an American professional golfer.  
19 Entertainment is a producer of entertainment properties for television with a focus on music.  
The network has local affiliates in Jordan, Palestine, Yemen, Egypt, Morocco and Tunisia and capacity-building support organizations in the United States and Spain.  
Jimmy Hollywood is a 1994 American comedy film written and directed by Barry Levinson and starring Joe Pesci and Christian Slater.  
Submarino is a 2010 Danish drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg, starring Jakob Cedergren and Peter Plaugborg.  
McHale must lead his men across the treacherous Gobi Desert to the sea coast.  
Lucia Poli (born 14 June 1940), is an Italian actress, playwright and stage director.  
It is the premier university of education (arts) in the country currently.  
He was the Minister of State for the Armed Forces from 2010 to 2012.  
The City University Club is a gentlemen's club in the City of London, established in 1895.  
While RSCP can be defined generally for any CDMA system, it is more specifically used in UMTS.  
The silver medal was awarded to Zimbabwe's Kirsty Coventry, who finished behind Coughlin by 0.13 of a second, breaking an African record of 1:00.50.  
Whatever's on Your Mind is the seventh studio album by English indie rock band Gomez.  
He teaches at St. Lawrence University.  
There is no sign of a crest on the snout or of a keel under the lower jaws.  
The species is endemic to southern Iran.  
He played as a right-arm off spin bowler.  
They are located within the square block bordered by West Seventh, West Eighth, Guadalupe, and San Antonio streets.  
The flight originated from Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu.  
Rist retired at the end of the 2014 school year and was succeeded by John M. Vaccarezza, who is the current principal.  
Jason Lee Vandelannoite (born 6 November 1986) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for KFC Sparta Petegem.  
They traced their cultural lineage from the Greeks, through the Roman Empire, to the European Renaissance.  
The Group 3 area runs from Kempsey in the north to Forster in the south.  
The festival was held since the early 1990s, at Tanglewood, which is a beautiful outdoor festival grounds, and the summer home of the Boston Symphony Orchestra during June, July, and August, and given over to the jazz festival on the final weekend of the season.  
An official book, entitled "The Inside Story", written by Geoff Tibballs, was also published to coincide with the first series.  
The planned worldwide tour for the book was cut short later the same month during the American leg so that the author could begin treatment for newly diagnosed esophageal cancer.  
The ground floor had quarters for the officers and their families who worked at the military prison and the top floor was used as a school and chapel.  
Television Studios, Inc. (stylized as fox21 television studios.) is an American television production company that is a subsidiary of 20th Century Fox's Fox Entertainment Group and a division of 20th Century Fox Television.  
Although the federal law has only been amended seven times, it has been revised multiple times to limit and expand its banking secrecy provisions since its ratification.  
Enz of an Era was the first hits compilation by New Zealand rock band Split Enz.  
Years later, Greenhaw received his college degree from SMU.  
Both are headquartered in the City of Industry, California.  
Pasgen ap Cyngen was a mid 6th century King of Powys, and son of Cyngen Glodrydd.  
However, his most important roles are being Director of Football and coaching the successful 1st XI Football team.  
He swam from Colombia at the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympics.  
Their territory was bordered by the Brigantes to the North, the Corieltauvi to the East, the Dobunni to the South, and the Deceangli, and Ordovices to the West.  
UL LLC is a global safety consulting and certification company headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.  
It is reasonable to assume that her round-trip voyage to Okinawa was for the purpose of towing battle-damaged ships back to Ulithi Atoll for repair.  
The game plays very similarly to Donkey Kong Country and Jumpman.  
The largest annual event in Hastings, the Canada Day celebrations, includes amongst other events a parade that runs through downtown during the day and a fireworks display at the waterfront at dusk.  
Capitol 6 was a rock band based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.  
8 Gorkha Rifles is a Gorkha regiment of the Indian Army comprising Gurkha soldiers of Nepalese origin.  
Immediately after leaving school, Lyons joined the Glen Rovers senior team.  
A exoglycosidase is a glycoside hydrolase enzyme which breaks the glycosidic bonds at the terminal residue.  
Fossils of weigeltisaurids have been found in Madagascar, Germany, Great Britain, and Russia.  
So Why Can't We?, which became a commercial success.  
He lives in Iowa City, Iowa.  
Ellis left Bad Girls in the seventh series and his character was murdered by inmate Julie Johnston (Kika Mirylees).  
The 2022 FIFA World Cup is scheduled to be the 22nd edition of the FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial international men's football championship contested by the national teams of the member associations of FIFA.  
The TUC argued that Brown should be elected as sole general secretary, but this was not accepted.  
Andrew Walker (born 1968) is an English barrister and coroner for Northern District of Greater London.  
It was released on 15 November 2004 as the fourth and final single from their debut studio album of the same name (2004).  
The Motown Freeman brothers had no connection to another band led by Rogers Freeman ex-Joey Dee and the Starliters.  
It also holds the Investors in People Award.  
Despite being produced and distributed for profit by No Idea Records, the album is released under the creative commons.  
The Hidden is an American science fiction action-horror film produced and released in 1987 by New Line Cinema.  
The poem exhorted Filipinos to join the crusade to achieve real Philippine independence.  
The Liberty Grove development won the 1999 Urban Development Institute of Australia award for excellence.  
The winner was Khalid Abdulla's Special Duty, a three-year-old chestnut filly trained at Chantilly in France by Criquette Head-Maarek and ridden by Stephane Pasquier.  
It is one of the city's oldest working-class neighborhoods.  
Holland Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form in Holland Park, London, England.  
The Society acquires, restores, preserves and provides for public display, aircraft and other objects, documents, items and things of present or historical interest or value in connection with the development and history of aviation in the State of Colorado.  
Rides is an automotive reality TV show produced for the TLC Network.  
He is a fan of retro-kitsch and likes to incorporate this into his work.  
Its mission is to advance urban health and reduce health inequities through research and knowledge mobilization on the social determinants of health focusing on the relationships between health and housing, poverty and income distribution, social exclusion and other social and economic inequalities.  
The city is a resort community with the waterfront dominated by tourism-oriented businesses.  
Ladder diagrams often show no dwell time, with the prop landing at the same moment as its toss.  
Collinsia concolor is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Chinese houses.  
Minerva Township is a township in Marshall County, Iowa, USA.  
Rodney Warren Boxberger (born August 22, 1957 in Santa Ana, California) is a former starting pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1978 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at the University of Southern California (USC).  
Lead vocalists Graham Russell and Russell Hitchcock sang their parts to tracks laid down by American studio musicians.  
The Dutch Marathon Championships is a speed skating event composed of two championships.  
He filmed Turkey Boy in Japan in 2008.  
There is one book for each of the three seasons of Star Trek: TOS.  
The color of a diamond may be affected by chemical impurities and/or structural defects in the crystal lattice.  
The Gillies Fillies' Stakes Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to fillies and mares aged three years or older.  
It was launched as a platform for the views of the British Conservative Party, its masthead incorporating a quotation of the former Conservative Prime Minister, Benjamin Disraeli: "What is the Tory Party, unless it represents National feeling?"  
Johnson also had 45 quarterback sacks for 333 yards, 43 tackles for a total loss of 113 yards, 16 fumble recoveries with three for touchdowns, eight forced fumbles, 17 interceptions (one for a TD), and 10 pass knockdowns.  
The song is also included on Cook's fourth studio album, Digital Vein (2015).  
He is the patron of the parish churches of St Juliot and Lanteglos by Camelford.  
Since its founding in 1999, it has invested in 28 companies.  
Valley Railroad Bridge is a historic limestone arch bridge located over Gish Branch at Salem, Virginia.  
Oliver James Norwood (born 12 April 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sheffield United, on loan from Premier League club Brighton & Hove Albion.  
Occasionally, a host will also be the musical guest, such as first seen with Paul Simon on October 18, 1975, and, most recently, Donald Glover in 2018.  
The instrumentation of the orchestra is unusual in that no saxophones or woodwinds are used.  
The aim of ISMERLO is to establish endorsed procedures as the international standard for submarine escape and rescue using consultation and consensus among submarine-operating nations.  
He then released the single "Perestroika".  
Both themes are present in his books, though neither dominates his writing.  
Popular amusement park Kennywood is located along this route.  
Not to be confused with Little Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.  
She co-owns the London-based Pelgrane Press Ltd with Simon J Rogers.  
After digestion, PCR is performed to increase fragments pool and then GBS libraries are sequenced using next generation sequencing technologies, usually resulting in about 100bp single-end reads.  
It is only known from Kashmir (described from Gulmarg).  
Kerry Kenneth Ketter (born September 20, 1947) is a retired ice hockey player.  
However, she had little influence in her appearances (against Pakistan, the West Indies, and Ireland), bowling three overs without taking a wicket and failing to score a single run from her three innings.  
However, in basic solution successive halogenations are more rapid due to inductive electron withdrawal by the halogen, making the remaining hydrogens more acidic.  
And if the stock price remains stable or increases, then the writer will be able to keep this income as a profit, even though the profit may have been higher if no call were written.  
The group's name probably derives from Amicus the union, the union's campaigning slogan.  
The songs "Cheapest Motel" and "Better Places Than This" were released as singles.  
At the time of the event, the 662 participants represented the largest field at the Casino Employee Championship event.  
Mormons practice baptism and celebrate the Eucharist, but they also participate in religious rituals not practiced by traditional Christianity.  
It spawned the band's first Top 40 hit, "You've Got A Lot To Answer For" which hit No.35.  
The Men's synchronized 3 meter springboard competition at the 2017 World Championships was held on 15 July 2017.  
The Breguet 730 was a French flying boat of the 1930s.  
Her best-known role is that of Carmela Corleone in The Godfather (1972) and The Godfather Part II (1974).  
The Stone Balloon was a restaurant in St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands founded in 1960 by George Sedlmayr, a former Naval aviator and Eastern Airlines pilot from Long Island and his wife Jean Compo Sedlmayr, a former Conover model.  
In total, forty-two different men's and women's track and field events were contested from June 7 to June 10, 2017.  
Other unique signature floats include "The Funky Tucks" which is a 3-Float Tandem which boasts cages flocking each corner of the float with Cage Dancers inside.  
At the coronation of King Charles I of England in 1625, he was made a Knight of the Order of the Bath.  
She was a college basketball player at Auburn.  
Arabian Knights is an animated segment of The Banana Splits Adventure Hour, created by Hanna-Barbera Productions.  
Andrew Deutsch (born 1968) is a sound artist who also teaches at the New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University.  
Both of these openings reduced the weight of the skull.  
A metric prefix is a unit prefix that precedes a basic unit of measure to indicate a multiple or fraction of the unit.  
In 2004, the album was re-released under the title Seven New Version.  
He attributed his success partly to his employer BDO, for which he works for on a part-time basis.  
Their origin is obscure, but it is believed that they originated from China, and that they were used in a game of the same name.  
Technology is a key factor to achieve better results in disaster logistics.  
Robert William Ayre (born 26 March 1932) is an English former professional footballer who played as a center forward in the Football League.  
The components are delivered as a single unit designed to last a minimum of 5 years without service or liquid refilling.  
The women's 10 meter platform, also reported as platform diving, was one of four diving events on the Diving at the 1976 Summer Olympics program.  
Since 2005 they have produced and performed together, releasing numerous trance songs and remixes on a wide variety of labels.  
It seats 720 people and is known for its annual Shakespeare in the Park plays.  
The town is mostly blueberry fields.  
Sawiris owns 53% of the channel (through Media Globe Networks).  
In differential use they impart yaw moment, potentially obviating the rudder and vertical stabilizer control surface, although requiring active flight control.  
New Atlantic was an alternative rock band from New Jersey signed to Eyeball Records / Warner Bros. Records.  
Clor was a short-lived five-piece band from Brixton, England, formed by Barry Dobbin and Luke Smith in 2003 and which signed to the Parlophone record label after only six gigs.  
Hiperbarrio comprises a small group of digital communities that use free media self-publishing tools on the Internet in order to practice and promote new forms of self-representation and participation in the Knowledge Society.  
It is found throughout Europe with the exception of the Benelux union, the Nordic countries, and the British Isles.  
For radiation damage in terms of human health effects see acute radiation syndrome.  
It is located on one of two public squares set aside for houses of worship in the Dover town plan of 1717.  
Eskil Suter (born 29 June 1967) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and current motorcycle chassis constructor from Switzerland.  
Belenois, commonly called the caper whites, is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Pierini in the family Pieridae that are found in mainly in Africa and south-west Asia.  
The anthem "Rock Me" became a hit single, charting in September 1987, and is one of Great White's best known songs.  
Terry Rodgers (born September 11, 1947) is an American artist known for his large scale canvases that focus on portraying contemporary body politics.  
Although applications perceive no functional differences, HiperSockets require less processing overhead on either side of the connections, improving performance.  
The game was the first 2D side-scrolling game for the Nintendo 64, and Treasure's first release for a Nintendo console.  
He founded the Bandidos' first Scandinavian chapter in Copenhagen in late 1992.  
The film premiered in New York, and Los Angeles for a limited release on February 21, 2014, and then into a wide release on February 28, 2014.  
On August 1, 2011, WMFQ changed their format to hot adult contemporary, branded as "92Q".  
They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.  
Susan H. McDaniel is an American psychologist and a faculty member at the University of Rochester.  
With those properties, being able to grow in warm climate and early flowering, it is very similar to the Anna apple cultivar which was bred in Israel, and those two are compatible and suitable partners for out-cross pollination.  
It is also sometimes termed at anthropological archeology because of its indirect traces with complex patterns.  
On 8 December 2014, Hindu nationalist groups affiliated to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) were reported to have converted 100 - 250 Muslims to Hinduism in Agra.  
Other tablecloths are designed to be spread on a dining table before laying out tableware and food.  
For the very first recording sessions he recruited the British band Skin.  
The New England Water Resource Region is one of 21 major geographic areas, or regions, in the first level of classification used by the United States Geological Survey to divide and sub-divide the United States into successively smaller hydrologic units.  
Following his retirement, Hutchison umpired in first-class and List A cricket from 1990 to 1992, during which he also umpired in a Women's Test match between New Zealand women and England women.  
The concept of hegemony, which first was put forward by Antonio Gramsci (1971), refers to the moral, philosophical, and political leadership of a social group, which is not gained by force but by an active consent of other social groups through taking control of culture and ideology.  
He is a combo guard and played college basketball with the University of Memphis.  
It is one of Super Junior-M's critically successful singles, winning accolades at various Chinese music festivals.  
Colus gracilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.  
The station broadcasts under a sound broadcasting contract from the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland, aimed at Ireland's four main commuter belts, hence the full name.  
It was released on 8 December 2014 as a digital download in Norway.  
It is one of the most photostable chemical sunscreens known today with 25 hours required to lose 10% of its SPF protection ability.  
From 2017 the club have joined the UK Women's League.  
The serial stars Dyan Cannon, Nigel Hawthorne, Robert Hardy Christopher Cazenove and Hugh Grant, and is about a mother, Jenny Baines (Cannon), who searches for her son Peter (Grant), who was shot down over Germany, and who she believes is still alive.  
All county roads are maintained by the county in which they reside, and all are marked with standard MUTCD approved county road shields.  
Flatrock is a town in Newfoundland and Labrador.  
Bill was appointed as the Deputy Director of the National Hurricane Center From August 2007 until he was selected for the position of director on January 25, 2008.  
There were 1,335 students on roll at the time of the 2004 OFSTED (Office for Standards in Education) inspection.  
Prior to that he played with the Augsburger Panther of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).  
It is located near the A5 road in between the city of St. Albans and the large village of Redbourn.  
In 1998, Thunder Force V was ported to the PlayStation in released as Thunder Force V: Perfect System.  
MacLeish was laid down 19 August and launched 18 December 1919 from William Cramp & Sons; sponsored by Miss Ishbel MacLeish, sister of Lieutenant Kenneth MacLeish; and commissioned 2 August 1920, Lieutenant Commander F. T. Berry in command.  
On August 10, 2009, LabVantage officially closed the transaction and completed the acquisition of SQL*LIMS business from Life Technologies Corp. Prior to the August 10, 2009 transaction, about half of the company's employees work in India, while 60 employees are in North America and 20 are in Europe.  
The battle royal would end via pin or submission between the last two entrants, the winner of which would receive an entry for next year's invitational.  
The theater was designed in a pseudo-Swiss-chalet style as an amenity for the 50,000 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers workers and their families at the Fort Peck Dam project.  
They wore underwear and cloth skirts.  
American actor Nick Cannon plays the part of Nivea's boyfriend, and lip-synchs Kelly's parts.  
For example, it can read sequential files based on the input format specified, then look up certain fields in a VSAM file or in another sequential file.  
It serves the ward of Rogoredo.  
Kalyan East Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) constituencies of Maharashtra state, western India.  
Federal Route 105, or Jalan Lapangan Terbang Langkawi 1, is a major federal road in Langkawi Island, Kedah, Malaysia.  
Boardman Township is a civil township of Kalkaska County in the U.S. state of Michigan.  
Raboama Koloti (born 4 December 1998) is a Lesotho footballer currently playing as a forward for Lesotho Mounted Police Service FC of the Lesotho Premier League.  
The population was 2,886 at the 2000 census.  
The two tracks need not necessarily be of the same gage.  
PATH400 Greenway Trail is a multi-use trail under construction along the Georgia 400 freeway in Buckhead, Atlanta.  
John Henry Newman wrote to his father on 29 May 1818: "I go up for my Little tomorrow", and records in his journal for the following day that he had 'passed Responsions'.  
The Gomphillaceae are a family of lichens in the order Ostropales.  
Blissett has always maintained that the incident was an accidental collision and video evidence of the challenge was deemed to show that Blissett kept his eyes on the ball and, furthermore, that in jumping to head an aerial ball, a player would typically raise one or both arms to gain height.  
The film features soundtrack composed by Bollywood composer Anu Malik, marking his debut in Kannada cinema.  
A.J. Cronin, whose 1937 novel, The Citadel, brought much attention to Tredegar's grassroots healthcare system, worked as a doctor at the Cottage Hospital during the early 1920s.  
He was awarded a masters and doctorate in law from Harvard Law School.  
The DuBrow/Perris penned "Slam Dunk" was first recorded in 1991 by Pretty Boy Floyd for the movie Switch.  
He was President of Bidi Kamgar sangh 1941-44.  
Milliken Creek is a stream in Dodge County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.  
There is a shuttle bus between the local regions.  
The building was renamed LeJeune's some time between 1918 and 1934.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 22, 2003.The historic bakery is still selling its french bread, ginger cakes and garlic bread as of 2018.  
Wireless Markup Language (WML), based on XML, is a now-obsolete markup language intended for devices that implement the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) specification, such as mobile phones.  
The resort is on the Bay of Bengal and is approximately 16 kilometers from the Baleswar Railway Station.  
Moore is a founding member of Oregon, but worked also regularly with Rabih Abou-Khalil, Vasant Rai, Nancy King and Larry Karush.  
The ruling Congolese Labor Party and parties and independent candidates allied with it won 125 seats, while two opposition parties won a combined 12 seats.  
Thala hilli is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.  
The flight pack is different to other man portable flight packs in that it uses jets attached to the hands and feet.  
Zebra fish larval locomotor activity assay of transgenic fish embryos and individual larvae placed in a 96-well plate, monitored in a box and continuously illuminated by infrared lights, illuminated by white lights showed major similarities between fish circadian system and mammalian sleep/wake regulator for example.  
Dennis Ross Stevenson (born 12 November 1946) was an Australian politician.  
Fanny's Journey (original title: Le Voyage de Fanny) is a 2016 French-Belgian children's war drama film co-written and directed by Lola Doillon.  
The company develops, manufactures and sells products and solutions within hygiene and health.  
After a retrial, he was acquitted on 1 August 2008, though his claims for compensation for wrongful imprisonment were dismissed.  
Hiten Barman is an Indian politician, who was earlier with All India Forward Bloc and later joined All India Trinamool Congress.  
In 2015, it was announced that a fresh inquest was to be held.  
Some of these end uses are detectable (and measurable) while others are more difficult to gage.  
However, by September 2010, both Franceschini and Fassino had re-approached with Bersani, a move which was not approved by Veltroni and Fioroni.  
They visit school regularly and present the diversity of their Aboriginal culture to the children through song, dance, language, and music.  
Point Breeze is an unincorporated community located within Kingwood Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States.  
The FIL World Luge Championships 2013 took place under the auspices of the International Luge Federation at the bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.  
Hilarographa opistocapna is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.  
He won the silver medal as the leading amateur in The Open Championship at Muirfield in 1992.  
The Venerable Bede is the historical source for this council, as he included its text in his Ecclesiastical History of the English People.  
Documentation and training videos are provided with the open-source OSF application.  
A Passenger Car Equivalent is essentially the impact that a mode of transport has on traffic variables (such as headway, speed, density) compared to a single car.  
MEXTRAM, a compact model for bipolar transistors that aims to support the design of bipolar transistor circuits at high frequencies in Si and SiGe based process technologies.  
The story was notable for bringing long-dead Batman supporting character Jason Todd back to life, and reimagining him as a brutally violent antihero known as the Red Hood.  
It had its second reading debate on 18 December 2012, and its third reading and report stage on 7 March 2013.  
It uses the same ranks and insignia as the U.S. Army, and National Guardsmen are eligible to receive all United States military awards.  
These tactics presaged Slim's employment of similar tactics in 1945 while commanding the British Fourteenth Army in Burma.  
In these cases, occasionally, a fictional actor appears.  
The ship was originally built in Belfast by William J. Woodside and was launched in 1885.  
He was Leader of the Opposition in Barbados from 1 August 1993 to 6 September 1994; and from 23 October 2010 to 21 February 2013.  
It aims to protect newborn infants from becoming infected with pertussis by administering DTaP/Tdap (tetanus, diphtheria and acellular pertussis) booster vaccine to mothers, family members and any individuals who would come into regular contact with the newborn infant.  
He is the composer of original modern music that bridges commercial and classical styles.  
Chesilhurst is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.  
Halloween is a 2007 American slasher film written, directed, and produced by Rob Zombie.  
V-A-C Foundation is an international non-profit private organization founded in 2009 with an emphasis on supporting contemporary art exhibitions and projects emerging from Russia and the former Soviet Union.  
A Little Nightmare Music is an opera in "one irrevocable act" by Peter Schickele under the pseudonym he uses for parodies and comical works P. D. Q. Bach.  
Stylistic comparison between larger and smaller formats of the period remains difficult.  
The franchise currently includes several independently owned locations across Central New Jersey.  
Rugby union in Moldova is a popular sport.  
Breckbill offers undergrad, graduate and independent study programs.  
In chemistry, a trivial name is a nonsystematic name for a chemical substance.  
In molecular biology, RFPL3 antisense RNA 1 (non-protein coding), also known as RFPL3-AS1 is a long non-coding RNA.  
A long list of code designations with corresponding trade names can be found in Appendix IV of the USP Dictionary, see article on drug nomenclature.  
In geometry, the elongated pentagonal bipyramid is one of the Johnson solids (J16).  
This place is relatively cold compared to other places of Shillong.  
The film, dubbed in Malayalam, was released as Kochi to Kodambakkam in 2012.  
Sun Rises in the East is the debut album of American hip hop rapper Jeru the Damaja, released May 24, 1994 on PayDay Records.  
Derrick died on July 15, 1974 in Clayton, Georgia.  
"Tony" Stark, also known as Iron Man.  
Screens made of silk or synthetic fabrics are used for the screenprinting process.  
Founded in 1987 as the BC Coalition for Abortion Clinics, the group changed to its current name in 1998.  
In 2009 Elaine's second radio play 1923 premiered on Radio Kerry.  
Ronald Chagoury (born 8 January 1949) is a Nigerian businessman, the co-founder (with his billionaire brother Gilbert Chagoury), and CEO of the Chagoury Group.  
Baxter Preserve is an area of open space in North Salem, New York, United States.  
David Dortort, best known for Bonanza and The High Chaparral, produced the series.  
For several years he was associated with Yeastculture, a group of filmmakers and video artists that made music videos for live stage shows and for art installations as well as TV documentaries.  
Pregnancy-specific beta-1-glycoprotein 9 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PSG9 gene.  
Donal has done voice acting in shows like ReBoot and Justice League Unlimited (as Captain Boomerang).  
The Royal Embassy of Cambodia in Washington, D.C. is the diplomatic mission of the Kingdom of Cambodia to the United States.  
With MIDI in/out and CV, it can also be used as a MIDI controller.  
Apart from building the notable steam ship Earnslaw, the company also built early 20th century steam locomotives, of which there are no survivors.  
David J. Mays and Robert McIlwaine advocated on behalf of the Commonwealth of Virginia; Edmund D. Campbell and Henry E. Howell, Jr. advocated on behalf of the plaintiff Northern Virginia legislators.  
It was written by Arthur Demarest, Ingram Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University, Tennessee.  
He is best known for winning the Stanley Cup as a member of the Red Wings in both 1997 and 1998.  
He attended Leeds University, before moving to study at RADA from 2002 to 2005, where he obtained an Acting RADA diploma and a BASSC Certificate in stage combat (RADA Best Armed Fight).  
Chris Rafferty is an American television writer.  
CompassionArt is a charity based in Littlehampton, England founded by songwriter Martin Smith and his wife Anna, with the aim of generating income from works of art to assist in the relief of suffering around the planet.  
Filming began on 6 January 2014 and lasted exactly seven months, ending on 6 August 2014.  
A cochlear implant or auditory brainstem implant may help some who have hearing loss.  
Tagourait is a town and commune in Tipaza Province in northern Algeria.  
Known for her innovative flattering cuts as well as sustainable ethical supply chains.  
This is a list of materials with religious significance in Hinduism.  
Laguna has been investigated multiple times by several archeological teams and has yielded several finds.  
The delegation included two track and field athletes: Hassan Saaid and Afa Ismail, as well as swimmers Ibrahim Nishwan and Aminath Shajan.  
It originated in France by Volvic in 1966 and initially distributed under the name 'Pulse', until flagging sales led to a rebrand and its current name 'Oasis' being introduced.  
By 2000, the difference between female and male migrant numbers stayed about the same since 1960, with 5 million more male migrants than female migrants.  
It is located in the remote southwestern corner of the island, in the Chania regional unit.  
Muraenichthys malabonensis is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae.  
Hamblin Bay is also a fault of the same name in the vicinity, which "strikes at a low angle to the easternmost mapped branch of the Las Vegas Shear Zone".  
Their hits include "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me", "Time (Clock of the Heart)", "Church of the Poison Mind", "Karma Chameleon", "Victims", "It's a Miracle", "The War Song", "Move Away", and "I Just Wanna Be Loved".  
McLeod School was built in 1882 on N 27-14-1W (near the present day village of Argyle, Manitoba) and named after Dugald McLeod, councilor of Ward 6 and one of the earliest residents to the area.  
Sutherland's Volkswagen, or the Utah VW Bug, is a 3D test model like the Utah teapot.  
Fatehabad District, is one of the twenty-two districts of Haryana state, India.  
Kabuki is a comic book series created by artist and writer David Mack, first published in Razor and Shi Special July, 1994 by London Night Studios and soon after by Caliber Comics.  
The warning serves as a reminder to the driver of this potential problem.  
Its 2009 MCQ was 0.28, and its 2009 impact factor was 0.631.  
Bothriomyrmex anastasiae is a species of ant in the genus Bothriomyrmex.  
Major-General Michael Lawrence Riddell-Webster CBE, DSO was a British Army officer who currently serves as Governor of Edinburgh Castle.  
Brook Robert Lopez (born April 1, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).  
He has been arrested or detained some 30 times but he has never been convicted.  
He was born in Mariupol, Ukraine.  
It was discovered on 5 December 1988, by Japanese amateur astronomers Masaru Arai and Hiroshi Mori at Yorii Observatory in central Japan.  
In 1996 Connell had a thigh injury early in the season and when he came back he was not at the level he was in 1995.  
He has served as President Pro Tempore of the South Carolina Senate for all but one day since 2014.  
It is the only philanthropic organization which exclusively supports American Indian, Native Alaskan and Native Hawaiian arts and cultures in the United States.  
Any part of a credit balance in the account can be capitalized, by the issue of bonus shares, and the balance is available for distribution of dividends to shareholders, and the residue is carried forward into the next period.  
Adbusters has been a significant outlet for these ideas, especially in its commitment to detournement and culture jamming.  
Allen E. Paulson Stadium is a 28,000 seat on campus football stadium in Statesboro, Georgia.  
The Church of St Mary the Blessed Virgin is a Church of England parish church in East Brent, Somerset, England.  
The year 1826 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.  
It was studied by Graeme Barker in 1984.  
The player controls a person piloting a helicopter-like flying device over an ocean, and competing with other computer-controlled pilots.  
It lives in primary and secondary forests that have a closed canopy.  
It is found in India (Meghalaya), Myanmar and Thailand.  
Split 7inch is a split EP by Dropkick Murphys and The Ducky Boys.  
These concepts first appeared in Albert Hirschman's more broadly focused 1970 book, Exit, Voice, and Loyalty: Responses to Decline in Firms, Organizations, and States.  
The Extensor digitorum reflex is tested as part of the neurological examination to assess the sensory and motor pathways within the C6 and C7 spinal nerves.  
Sitalpati, also called sital pati and sittal pati, is a kind of mat which feels cold by nature.  
Horsemonger Lane Jail (also known as the Surrey County Jail or the New Jail) was a prison close to present-day Newington Causeway in Southwark, south London.  
The reverse side shows Via Rail's train, the Canadian, with the Canadian Rockies in the background; this is accompanied by a Via Rail route map.  
Other more abstract topics in which he has worked include understanding the physical basis for the direction of time and interpretations of quantum mechanics.  
Odozana inconspicua is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.  
The chain folded in 2001 and once again left the mall with a vacant anchor space.  
Alta Plaza is a park in San Francisco, California and caps the top of the western edge of Pacific Heights.  
It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in moist areas of the North Coast Ranges.  
At club level he plays for UNTREF.  
The specific name commemorates the French naturalist Alfred Duvaucel.  
The 1906 Washington, D.C., train wreck occurred on the Metropolitan Branch of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Terra Cotta station in Washington, D.C., on December 30, 1906, at 6:31 in the evening, when a locomotive pulling six empty cars crashed into the back of a passenger train in dense fog, killing 53 people and injuring more than 70.  
1977 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Buenos Aires circuit, Argentina on January 9, 1977.  
On 11 May 2013, Ronald joined Kirkintilloch Rob Roy as assistant manager to Stewart Maxwell.  
Prior to his time in the legislature, Yuko was a political and union activist for more than two decades.  
Wild International is a tribal/experimental band from New York City, USA.  
So Def remix was also filmed, featuring appearances by Dupri and Lil' Bow Wow inter-cut with scenes of Simpson.  
It is found in China (Sichuan and Guizhou).  
The species in this genus have no arms.  
The song made Riley the first woman to top both the Billboard Hot 100 and the U.S. Hot Country Singles charts with the same song, a feat that would go unrepeated until Dolly Parton's "9 to 5" in 1981.  
It also peaked at number 29 on the UK Singles Chart.  
The race was won by the Sirena racing driver pairing of Danish driver Allan Simonsen and his co-driver Tim Leahey who joined the team just for this race.  
This is an annual herb producing decumbent, creeping, spreading, or upright branched stems up to 40 centimeters long.  
Farley is home to a 1/2 mile dirt race track, the Farley Speedway.  
Is the main male Kathak dancer of Pakistan with more than 30 years of experience of the Kathak artform.  
Other absentees were the entire Eastern Bloc, including most of the usual medal candidates.  
Vector image standards which are present on the World Wide Web today that draw some similarities include Adobe Flash and SVG.  
After the sentencing, Ochoa escaped and was a fugitive until August 15, 2007 when he went to the police office and was arrested.  
Ginga is the middleware specification for the Nipo-Brazilian Digital TV System (SBTVD, from the Portuguese Sistema Brasileiro de TV Digital).  
The subsidiary Rokas Renewables is specializing in design and construction of wind farms.  
Middle Hill is a hill in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.  
Nitzberg wrote the book and lyrics and directed this musical in Los Angeles and New York.  
These may include: information boards, photographs and pictures, maps or plans, display cases and models, slides, sound or multimedia devices, facilities to enable experimentation and so on.  
The Library Bill of Rights is the American Library Association's statement expressing the rights of library users to intellectual freedom and the expectations the association places on libraries to support those rights.  
An interpretation of quantum mechanics is an attempt to explain how concepts in quantum mechanics correspond to reality.  
The band returned to the UK gig scene in 2012 for the ill-fated Last Jubilee and Punk by the Sea festivals, with a new lineup of Grant, Reeves, Davies and two new members: ex-Concrete Gods guitarist Phil McDermott and Morgellons bassist Mark Geraghty.  
New Jersey, and the New York Metropolitan area, also has a significant population of Filipinos.  
NGC 3059 is a barred spiral galaxy.  
It was re-released again in 2009 on 180-gram vinyl by Doxy music.  
Scott Neyedli (born 16 June 1978 in Aberdeen, Scotland) was a full-time professional Ironman triathlete (2007-2011), winning British and multiple Scottish Triathlon Championships.  
There is no lineage between the United States Air Force 33d Fighter Wing, established on 15 October 1947 at Roswell Army Airfield, New Mexico, and this organization.  
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 12, 1994.  
The song "192 Days" had previously been released in demo form on the band's EP Fire Kite in 2009.  
2Spot Communications has been featured on numerous television programs including Bangkok Post's PostScript and Thailand's Morning Talk TV.  
The Bokhara horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus bocharicus) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.  
The station was owned and operated by STV Group plc in partnership with Glasgow Caledonian University.  
Waterford Mills is an unincorporated community in Elkhart Township, Elkhart County, Indiana.  
As the fossil itself is apparently lost, this makes the genus a nomen dubium.  
According to Thomas Rudd, Gaap is opposed by the Shemhamphorasch angel Ieuiah.  
A dragnet is any system of coordinated measures for apprehending criminals or suspects; including road barricades and traffic stops, widespread DNA tests, and general increased police alertness.  
From there, it spread to various provinces and Spanish kingdoms, particularly to Catalonia, the current Rioja, Avila (Castile and Leon) and America.  
The schoolhouse is the best-preserved of Charlestown's eight 19th-century schoolhouses, and is now maintained by the Charlestown Historical Society.  
CKCR is owned by Bell Media and airs an adult contemporary format under the EZ Rock on-air brand.  
SS Middlebury Victory was an armed cargo ship named for Middlebury College in Vermont, one of 150 educational institutions that had Victory ships named after them.  
He first gained popularity in Australia in the 1950s with a string of rockabilly hits, including the Australian number one hit "Boom Boom Baby".  
Chetanya Adib is an Indian actor, voice actor, model and singer who speaks English and Hindi.  
Rav is a village of three hamlets; Rav Moti, Rav Nani and Temple; in an open plain, located nineteen miles from Chobari, in Rapar Taluka of Kutch district of Gujarat, India.  
The Auto & Burglar Gun was a US-made factory-built handgun that was commercially manufactured by configuring a standard double-barrel shotgun with a pistol grip, at first engraving and later stamping "Auto & Burglar Gun" on each side of the frame, and shortening the barrels to about 10" to 12.2" in length.  
In the same year, Jasmine Janes and Marco Duretto changed the name to Pterostylis anaclasta.  
Bogahalanda made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 2000-01 season, against Galle.  
Henry W. McGee (born January 22, 1953) is an American businessman and academic.  
His cricketing debut in the year 2000 was tentative, and he was never picked to play for the Derbyshire side again, accruing a strike rate of 120.  
Uruguay there after didn't participate in a Deaflympic event and yet to compete in the Winter Deaflympics.  
Drumm began his musical career at 15 years old as a Piano player at Geno's Brass Rail Restaurant.  
Epilepsy-intellectual disability in females also known as PCDH19 gene-related epilepsy or epileptic encephalopathy, early infantile, 9 (EIEE9), is a rare type of epilepsy that affects predominately females and is characterized by clusters of brief seizures, which start in infancy or early childhood, and is occasionally accompanied by varying degrees of cognitive impairment.  
He was recalled to the senior team in Round 12 and played out the rest of the season.  
Two versions of the original version exist: an album version and a music video version with the crowd cheering at the end.  
He remains a member and funded the synagogue's restoration in the 1990s.  
Species include: Philippia absinthoides E. G. H. Oliver Philippia alticola E.G.H. Oliv.  
The shrub layer is diverse, with plants including wayfaring-trees, guelder roses, spurge-laurel and the nationally uncommon oxlip.  
Re-formed during the Second World War, again as a bomber squadron, it was re-formed twice more post-war, firstly as a transport, and then a helicopter squadron, before being disbanded in 1971.  
CSULB has more than 286,000 alumni as of 2014.  
Electoral reform in the United States Virgin Islands refers to efforts to change the voting laws in that archipelago.  
In the Far East, it was titled Dracula and the 7 Golden Vampires.  
The High Commissioner of Australia to Fiji is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the High Commission of the Commonwealth of Australia to Fiji.  
Erickson has one school, Erickson Elementary School, which is in the School District # 8 and has grades Kindergarten through Grade 7.  
It was named in 2002 as successor to the Teldec Studio, operated by Teldec Classics and, earlier, by Telefunken, on the same premises, and it underwent a major upgrade the following year.  
Certain species, such as Scharffia rossi, however, live in dry regions, such as savannah.  
T2 is deliberately self-referential, with film clips, music and echoes from the first film.  
The perception exists that he was recruited on the basis that he could bring votes to the DA in the Eastern Cape.  
In addition to the social media that it provides, Wooxie is a tool for online business promotion and provides several tools to assist in this purpose.  
The concentrate can then be stored in cold rooms.  
Hutthurm is a municipality in the district of Passau in Bavaria in Germany.  
She holds the Michigan Wolverines women's basketball single-season record with 156 assists during the 1987-88 season.  
It can either be attempted through trial and improvement or more logical means.  
The titles in the stack were chosen by benefactors from the community.  
Who We Are on June 18, 2007 and was then solicited to mainstream radio on November 13, 2007.  
The London Film Critics Circle Award for British Actor of the Year in an annual award given by the London Film Critics Circle.  
The old bell from Chappell Hill Female College, which was at this location until 1912, is preserved on the property.  
He first came to Virginia as early as 1624.  
In 2007, Virgin Drinks sold over the rights of Virgin Cola to a company called Silver Spring Soft Drinks.  
Anthony F. Gregorc is best known for his theory of a Mind Styles Model and its associated Style Delineator.  
Colin Friels (born 25 September 1952) is a Scottish-born Australian actor.  
By the 20th century Birmingham had become the metropolitan hub of the United Kingdom's manufacturing and automotive industries, having earned itself a reputation first as a city of canals, then of cars, and most recently as a major European convention and shopping destination.  
In December 2016, he was named Chief Scout of the United States Men's National Team.  
Soon afterward, the Austrians trapped in Ulm surrendered and the French mopped up most of the remaining Austrians forces, bringing the Ulm Campaign to a close.  
CUA Law is located slightly more than two miles north of the United States Capitol and is a five-minute walk from the Brookland-CUA metro station.  
The band's music is composed and performed by Medley (drums), Jones (keys, theremin) and Rollo (guitar, synths, piano).  
Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are proteins or lipids that become glycated as a result of exposure to sugars.  
Many definitions are available.  
Boxville Township is a township in Marshall County, Minnesota, United States.  
The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway was an early railway line in Ayrshire, Scotland.  
It is found in Afghanistan, India, Iran, Kazakhstan, Burma, Nepal, Tibet, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.  
Janelle Ann Caren Quintana Manahan (born 26 July 1989) is an actress in the Philippines.  
The film stars Vijay, Trisha and Mallika in the lead roles, with Livingston, Pasupathy, Benjamin, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Vaiyapuri and Manoj K. Jayan in other roles.  
Though he enjoyed a rejuvenation in 2002 when he joined Hampshire, following legal battles with Lancashire, and celebrated his recall to the England team with a Test century at Lord's, Crawley played in 37 Test matches in total.  
Her work has been translated into German, Russian, Lithuanian, Slovak, Spanish, Hungarian, Ukrainian and Italian.  
The show debuted on Thursday, April 3, 2008.  
The song samples "Paid in Full" by hip hop duo Eric B. & Rakim.  
The album was produced, mixed and mastered by Stuart Stuart at Analog Heart Studios, Brisbane.  
Loveless also did a cover of the Lone Justice song, "Don't Toss Us Away", which featured Rodney Crowell on backing vocals.  
Carpostalagma signata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.  
The West Kent Football Club was a short-lived 19th century rugby football club that was notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union, as well as producing a number of international players in the sport's early international fixtures.  
Stephen, who both threw and hit right-handed, only pitched in two major league games, making his debut on September 20, 1968.  
The charity operated under its original charity names as "Age Concern NI and Help the Aged in Northern Ireland" until the new brand launch on 26 March 2010.  
East Gaffney is a census-designated place (CDP) in Cherokee County, South Carolina, United States.  
He was the dance choreographer of a number of films in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi such as Raja Guruvu, Man-Mauji, Chhaya, Hum Panchhi Ek Daal Ke, Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam and Bhai-Bhai.  
The format of the race allows entries to either be from solo riders, or by teams of varying sizes who ride in relay.  
It was founded in 1995 by Madhya Pradesh Cancer Chikitsa Evam Seva Samiti (meaning: Madhya Pradesh Cancer Treatment and Service Society).  
Cobb also played for the Michigan Panthers in the USFL during the 1983 and 1984 seasons where he caught 118 passes for 1,319 yards with 10 touchdowns.  
This means that JavaPoly can run almost any Java library, including libraries that use threads, shared memory, locking primitives, and 64-bit integers.  
In this version D'Artagnan was a young woman aspiring to become a musketeer.  
Carlton and Aston Barrett and Augustus Pablo contributed music, while vocal fragments include Hudson, Horace Andy and Big Youth.  
It is the oldest surviving Italianate-style commercial buildings in the commercial core area of Carson City.  
Pediodectes haldemani, or Haldeman's shieldback, is a species of shield-backed katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.  
The Harvard station is investigating data specifically upon the height, the deceleration (speeds ) and the distribution of ionized material within the trail of meteors.  
Scionomia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.  
In 2013 it became an "AirSea Show" with the participation of the maritime clubs.  
The episode received critical acclaim, and Mikkelsen's performance as Magnussen, in particular, was praised.  
They gained popularity in 2014 following the release of their second album NVM, engineered by Conrad Uno.  
With OpenVMS now ported to Alpha and IA-64 machines, the facility originally named VAXclustering was renamed to VMSclustering.  
The event was first held in 1996, and has been annual fixture of the channel through its various incarnations, including The Family Channel, Fox Family, ABC Family, and Freeform.  
Mota played for the Minnesota Twins in the 2000 season.  
Evacuate's releases and live sets cover a wide range of the punk rock spectrum.  
St Cadou was an early Christian in Brittany in France, not be confused with St Cadoc.  
Roberge (born October 18, 1973 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.  
For the deadliest tornado incidents, only fires/explosions and bombings have killed more students.  
Sisurcana is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.  
A number of backgrounds were found in Canaima National Park in Venezuela; various tepuis and Angel Falls also appear in the film.  
In the Valley (1890) is a historical novel by Anglo-American novelist Harold Frederic.  
Leslie St Auburn Reifer (born 5 September 1989) is a Barbadian cricket umpire.  
The 2014 Three Days of De Panne (Dutch: 2014 VDK-Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde) was the 38th edition of the Three Days of De Panne, an annual bicycle stage race.  
The 11th Toronto Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in film for 2007, were given on 18 December 2007.  
Although a citizen of Denmark, Nikolajsen has been a Swiss resident since 2011.  
Second Empire is an architectural style, most popular in the latter half of the 19th century and early years of the 20th century.  
He migrated to the Midwestern United States in 1972.  
Tamba ochra is a species of noctuoid moths in the family Erebidae.  
It was released in May 1995 on Quarterstick Records.  
Nowhere to Run is a 1978 drama television film directed by Richard Lang, based on the 1976 novel The Blackjack Hijack by Charles Einstein.  
This is a list of listed buildings in the civil parish of Rerrick, in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.  
O'Ceann is an Irish name.  
Melgona is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.  
Uniontown was named #69 on CNN Money's "Best Places to Live 2005" list.  
He sat as Member of Parliament for Poole.  
Meyers played center field for Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier in September 2016, and played for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic in the main tournament.  
Epiphany Eyewear are smartglasses developed by Vergence Labs.  
He completed his schooling from Delhi Public School, Delhi and his graduation from The Hindu College, Delhi.  
Thomas Stefan Persson (born 15 May 1985) is a Swedish billionaire businessman, who works in the film industry.  
In 1914-15, candidates nominated by the Labor Representation Committee officially ran for the "Independent Labor Party", even though no formal organization of that name seems to have existed at the time.  
The album reached No. 106 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for two weeks, as well as reaching the top 100 in three other countries.  
Dawn is the fourth installment in an extended play series The Wonderlands by Jon Foreman.  
Raj Patel (born 1972) is a British Indian academic, journalist, activist and writer who has lived and worked in Zimbabwe, South Africa, and the United States for extended periods.  
Curtis has created some of his own art which has been exhibited at Harvard.  
Its candidates ran as "Independents" in the 1940 and 1944 elections and had some success.  
Ian Wynne, 2004 Olympic K1 500m bronze medallist, is an honorary member of the club.  
This world is persistent and mutable, meaning player characters are able to make permanent changes to it by destroying and building landscape and houses etc.  
Rebel (1969), by Bediako Asare, is a novel about the conflict between tradition and modernity in Africa.  
Over time, the metal thread in the dress has tarnished but the beetle wings have not lost their luster.  
It was held between March 25 and March 29, 1981, in London.  
Alcante, pen name of Didier Swysen (born 21 November 1970, Belgium) is a Belgian comics writer, best known for his series Pandora Box.  
The United States competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.  
The U.S. grades and paves the road from Kabul to Peshawar (Pakistan) and is building another road, costing more than $30,000,000, from Kabul to Kandahar and thence to the Pakistan border.  
The Women's 200 individual medley event at the 2010 Commonwealth Games took place on October 4, 2010, at the SPM Swimming Pool Complex.  
There were two upgrades to the same basic system, GL/EF (Elevation Finder) and GL Mk.  
This town has historical importance dating back to 7th Century AD.  
He now owns a successful Karting company.  
The Chalk Hill AVA is an American Viticultural Area (AVA) located in Sonoma County, California.  
They are an active and arboreal species, and should only be kept in a medium to large size vivarium, with plenty of limbs and ledges in which to seek elevation.  
In episode 5, Max appears for the first time with his actual face, which is completely different from Josh's, more mature and tough.  
A tulipiere or tulip-holder is an ornate vessel in which to grow tulips, and is usually made of hand-crafted pottery, classically delftware.  
Daryl Millard (born 20 February 1985) is an Australian rugby league player of Fijian descent who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs of the National Rugby League.  
Chase then enrolled at the University of California, Santa Barbara and graduated in 1976 with a B.S. in geology.  
The Nerang Bulls Rugby Union Football Club is an Australian rugby union football club that competes in the Gold Coast and District Rugby Union competition.  
Anagennisis were founded in 1956.  
He also lodged an official appeal with the Guardian Council for new and more transparent elections.  
Livingston County is part of the Paducah, KY-IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.  
Bag-o Abo (historically Bagabu Islet) is a small, wooded island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.  
The Ensa Gompa is located nearby.  
Chris Morgan is a British-born ecologist, conservationist, TV host, filmmaker, and author.  
One notable sample from the album is the use of the violin from Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's 1888 piece Scheherazade on the second track of the album, "Artificial Horizon".  
LinuxTag (the name is a compound with the German Tag meaning assembly, conference or meeting) is a free software exposition with an emphasis on Linux (but also BSD), held annually in Germany.  
Lonergan himself loudly and openly called nearby customers "wops", "dagos" and other ethnic slurs.  
This tube - often equipped with a sintered bronze filter - is submerged into a reservoir bowl filled with light machine oil.  
Many mortgage brokers are regulated to assure compliance with banking and finance laws in the jurisdiction of the consumer.  
It is part of the Adriatic Sea.  
Arroyo is the son of Illinois State Representative Luis Arroyo.  
The song is written in the key of G minor, at a tempo of 125 BPM.  
His house at Riddle's Court is a valued monument on Edinburgh's Lawnmarket.  
1998 Arab Super Cup was an international club competition played by the winners and runners up of the Arab Club Champions Cup and Arab Cup Winners' Cup.  
Recurring cast members and guest stars this season include Michael Kostroff, Nancy McKeon, Vicki Lewis, Kelly Blatz, Selena Gomez, Eden Sher, G. Hannelius, Daniel Roebuck, Steve Hytner, Robert Adamson, Christina Moore and Jeff Dunham.  
Juan Santisteban Troyano (born 8 December 1936) is a retired Spanish football midfielder and manager.  
The first season of Chinese Million Star, began on July 3, 2011, is a Taiwanese televised singing competition, the last episode aired on January 8, 2012, with a special episode airing on January 15, 2012.  
It was founded in 1930 and, inspired by the building of a barn church in North Sheen (now incorporated into Kew), was constructed using materials from the farmhouse, barns and other outbuildings at Cheam Court Farm, which may have been connected with Henry VIII's Nonsuch Palace.  
Down to Nothing (or DTN) are an American straight edge hardcore punk band from Richmond, Virginia.  
He was policy adviser to Foreign Minister Shimon Peres in the early 1990s.  
Almost immediately, this concert became a sought after collectors item on the Phish bootleg circuit, as it seemed to define an era when Phish began breaking down many of its live performance boundaries.  
Xhavit Bajrami (born October 30, 1975) is an Albanian-Swiss former kickboxer who competed in the heavyweight division.  
It was released in the fall of 1999 and reissued almost a decade later.  
He is former Director of the Center for Cognitive Aging and Cognitive Epidemiology and co-Director of the Alzheimer Scotland Dementia Research Center.  
The league did not play a schedule in 2015.  
Originally played by Vikki Blanche, she made her first screen appearance during the show's first episode broadcast on 18 March 1985.  
The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2012.  
The passage of the act angered state GOP party officials who recruited a Rupert farmer to run against him in the 1976 Republican primary.  
He was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic actions on 8 June 1945.  
Southampton by-election, 1917 was a by-election held on 19 December 1917 for the House of Commons constituency of Southampton, a two-member seat.  
It can also accept and "clean up and enhance" or "distort" live television camera imagery.  
The unincorporated communities of Beaumont, Eagle Lake Manor, Eagle Lake Terrace, Kansasville, and Rosewood are located in the town.  
It took place at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha, Qatar, from November 4 through November 9, 2008.  
The charity's work consists of two annual music festivals, Spitalfields Music Summer Festival (normally held in June) and Spitalfields Music Winter Festival (normally held in December) and a "Learning & Participation" program which undertakes projects throughout the year with participants drawn from across the Tower Hamlets community.  
Things is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd.  
The Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Original Screenplay is one of the annual awards given by the Chicago Film Critics Association.  
Like Aussie Rules Footy, the game was distributed exclusively by Mattel's Australian operation.  
From 2000-01, the event was held in Egypt.  
Founded by Donnchad I, Earl of Fife (owner of much of northern East Lothian) around 1150, the priory lasted for more than four centuries, declining and disappearing after the Scottish Reformation.  
The King is the Commander-in-Chief of the Umbutfo Swaziland Defense Force (USDF), and the substantive Minister of the Ministry of Defense.  
His canzonette Laberinto amoroso was published in Naples by Gargano and Nucci in 1618.  
It was later revealed that her father had an affair with Rachel ultimately destroying her family.  
Amolita obliqua, the oblique grass moth, is a species of owlet moths, etc.  
Schwartz is responsible for refuting the belief that cosmic rays trapped by self-excited turbolence within a supernova remnant cool irreversibly as the remnant expands.  
The Java loach (Pangio oblonga) is a species of tropical freshwater fish, an unbanded kuhli loach, native to the sandy streams of Southeast Asia.  
Masini (born 8 December 1976 in Poggibonsi) is an Italian auto racing driver.  
He then went on to make highly profitable films in Telugu, Hindi and Tamil languages such as Pokkiri (2007), Wanted (2009), Rowdy Rathore (2012) and Singh is Bling (2015).  
Phyllosticta anacardiacearum is a plant pathogen infecting mangoes.  
Austins Bridge is an American Christian country band originally formed in Austin, Texas.  
With the NFC East championship in sight, however, the Cardinals stumbled in December, losing to the Detroit Lions, New York Giants and Washington Redskins to finish at 8-5-1 and in third place in the division behind Dallas and the Giants.  
A Night at Count Basie's is a live album by vocalist Joe Williams recorded at Count Basie's nightclub in Harlem in 1956 and released on the Vanguard label.  
The paddy fields around the city are irrigated by Tungabhadra canal.  
The lack of ornamentation was designed to reflect the Quaker tenet of simplicity.  
The film depicts events in Gibraltar harbor during the World War II Italian frogman and manned torpedo attacks, although the film's depiction of those events is highly fictionalized.  
This greatly expanded and altered the original work, focusing more on the animals' preparations for the Ball.  
Inspired by the bouncing pumpkin character in Cauldron, Brown designed the game around the character's movement.  
She made two appearances for the national side, both against Western Samoa in December 1987.  
The current Commissioner is Steve Foster, JP, B.Sc., CPA.  
James David Riggleman (born November 9, 1952) is an American manager and coach.  
The UAH satellite temperature dataset, developed at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, infers the temperature of various atmospheric layers from satellite measurements of radiance.  
Ananya Roy is a scholar of international development and global urbanism.  
It is set in the nineteenth-century Dutch colonial past and contemporaneous Bangladesh, and is based on the experiences of the author, who grew up in the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) and was stationed in Bangladesh as a diplomat.  
Opened in 1980, the landmark has at times struggled to find commercial success, changing hands in 2000, 2006 and again in 2008.  
Crowdfunding is typically related to crowdsourcing because there is dependence from a larger group or crowd.  
The Duluth Armory, also known as the Duluth National Guard Armory, is a historic building in Duluth, Minnesota, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.  
It was released on August 10, 2004 via Dmaft Records and was produced by Keith and Kurt themselves.  
Featuring a more modern design with cabin pressurization, the 240 series made some inroads as a commercial airliner, and had a long development cycle that produced various civil and military variants.  
The album was released on May 11, 2018 via Holland's own Dare2 Records label.  
Entrance to and exit from the station platform is by way of the hotel car park.  
Jerry Turek (born 2 April 1975) is a former Canadian tennis player.  
It is owned by Namdar Realty Group.  
Plants have chemical "machinery" which transforms some of them (primarily the nitrogen compounds) into useful substances, and it has been shown by Brian J. Ford that abscised leaves also carry wastes away from the parent plant.  
Beginning in February 2000 the journal initiated the Bhagwati Award, named in honor of Jagdish Bhagwati.  
GPR64, together with F-actin scaffold, locates at the nonciliated principal cells of the proximal male excurrent duct epithelia, where reabsorption of testicular fluid and concentration of sperm takes place.  
Rockwave Festival is a rock festival That Takes place in Malakasa, Greece, near Athens.  
Cary Elwes' character, Lawrence Gordon, did not appear in subsequent films after Saw due to a lawsuit from payment issues for Elwes, although his character has been referenced many times since.  
Each ward/division has an average electorate of about 5,500 people, but ward-population counts can vary substantially.  
The administrative headquarters are at Igumale, situated on the railway line crossing Nigeria in the north-south direction.  
The name "Mary Jane" is a reference to marijuana, although the relaxing constituents of kava are not chemically related to cannabis.  
The coastline offers a beach a day for a fortnight and is one of the special attractions of this area.  
Dundee North End were one of the better junior teams in the Tayside region, but have found it tougher in the East Region, of which they, along with all Tayside clubs, became a part in 2002.  
Valdo H. Viglielmo (December 11, 1926 - November 14, 2016) was a prominent scholar and translator of Japanese literature and works of Japanese philosophy.  
A resident of Roseville, Minnesota, Kramer is nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" in Scrabble circles.  
As of 2005, underwire bras were the largest and fastest growing segment of the bra market.  
This led to the program being canceled in 1977, after the B-1A prototypes had been built.  
He is considered as an important figure of the Gujarati literature as well as Gujarati novel writing.  
Colleges Scotland rolled up a number of previous Scottish higher education organizations, including Colleges Open Learning Exchange Group, a flexible educational materials exchange.  
Operation Balavegaya was launched in response to the siege of Elephant Pass by the LTTE.  
Donald Haultain was an Anglican priest in the first half of the twentieth century.  
It was retired to storage until 1996, as it was beginning to suffer from constant traveling.  
Metallospora is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.  
Ania Pieroni is a former Italian actress, known for The House by the Cemetery (1981), Tenebrae (1982) and Inferno (1980).  
But the Raiders failed to reach the Super Bowl as they lost to Miami in the AFC Championship Game.  
Danielson Heliport (FAA LID: 8OR0) is a private heliport located in Hillsboro in Washington County, Oregon, USA.  
The PARS 3 LR in German service, also known as TRIGAT-LR (Third Generation AntiTank, Long Range) and AC 3G in French, is a fire-and-forget missile, which can be used against air or ground targets.  
Roger made his film debut in his native country in 1977 in the movie Sleeping Dogs.  
String Quartet No. 4 is the fourth of seventeen works in the medium by the Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-Lobos, written in 1917 and revised in 1949.  
Saint-Aignan-Grandlieu is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.  
Out, which was launched by the organization Focus on the Family.  
He won the 1988 Sydney International Piano Competition (as a Soviet citizen) and the 1995 Arthur Rubinstein Competition in Tel Aviv.  
Some software can process the orthophoto and produce the linework automatically.  
In conclusion these findings suggest that tyrosol induces myocardial protection against ischemia related stress by inducing survival and longevity proteins that may be considered as anti-aging therapy for the heart.  
All other instruments and programming were performed by both Matheos and Moore, while vocals and lyrics were handled exclusively by Moore.  
His name rendered into English would be "Tacitus the Bald".  
It was retired and maneuvered to a graveyard orbit on 1 December 2009.  
As They Sleep signed to metal label Solid State Records.  
Oleg Sukhoruchenko (born 4 July 1965) is a Russian bobsledder.  
As of August 8, 2018, he is #6 in the official UFC featherweight rankings.  
The cylindrical BT Tower, a former Cold-War-era microwave relay tower that was once the tallest building in London and the hub of the British Telecom microwave network, is a short distance off the A400 at Malet Street.  
Dieter Krickow (born 8 July 1936) is a German modern pentathlete.  
He was educated at Hampton School along with Johnny and Greg Searle and then St Catherine's College, Oxford, where he stroked the dark blue boat to victory in the 1991 Boat Race.  
The hand is held in a loose fist with the bones and the curled fingers roughly parallel to the palm, with the bone closest to the ring finger gently held against the palm by the tip of the ring finger placed on its edge, while the other bone is left free to move in the "hinge" formed by the index and middle fingers as they gently hold it.  
His most recent accomplishments include the winning title of Silver medal in 7th World Body Building and Physique Championship 2015 and Mr. India 2016.  
Dongargaon is a village in Mulshi taluka of Pune District in the state of Maharashtra, India.  
Chinook High School is the largest school (by enrollment) operated by Lethbridge School District No. 51.  
He was eventually named President of the PC Party.  
The film was released February 26, 1937, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.  
Golems in Terry Pratchett's Discworld series are derived from golems in Jewish mythology; early forms of a clay robot, supposedly awakened by a spell or priestly words to do people's bidding.  
Young played Riley Parker in the long-running soap opera, Neighbors for 171 episodes.  
Blessed with natural speed, the colt had health problems that kept him off the racetrack until age three, when he began racing in the early part of the year in Florida, earning his first win at Gulfstream Park.  
David Caton (born January 3, 1956) is an American political activist and writer.  
Some schools had simple local area networks of Compis/Scandis computers, where 10-20 machines shared one hard disk of typically 10MB capacity.  
She stars as Rhyme in the family drama Chicken Girls on the Brat digital network on YouTube, starred in the YouTube Brat show A Girl Named Jo playing the part of Jo Chambers, and also played Rhyme in Chicken Girls: The Movie.  
It can be detected in the urine of casualties.  
He has worked in theater, television, and film for a number of years.  
Around 400 people live in the village itself with about as many residing in surrounding houses and farms.  
The cast includes Tyne Daly, Gilda Radner, and Vincent Gardenia.  
The warehouse was used until the mid-19th century; it has since been incorporated into the Villa Louis museum.  
In Pitcher Plants of the Old World, Stewart McPherson writes: Misool remains difficult and expensive to reach; during my observations, I hired a local fishing boat to travel to the island, and this trip alone required one metric ton of fuel!  
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 23,596 people.  
Ritchie was selected by the Ducks in the first round (10th overall) of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.  
Beginning in 1955, Ford spun their station wagons into their own series and the Country Sedan continued to represent the mid-trim level station wagon.  
There are a significant number of voice, speech, conferencing and fax applications that have been written over the last decade.  
A float switch is a type of level sensor, a device used to detect the level of liquid within a tank.  
He previously served as the Mayor of Provo, Utah (2010-2017).  
The aircraft was planned to be supplied as a kit for amateur construction.  
When not performing a challenge, the volunteers are escorted to their cells by unknown masked men who never talk, to create an environment of stress and panic.  
USS Lavender (1864) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.  
Hu was regarded with sympathy and her mother-in-law, the Empress Dowager, demonstrated her sympathy and friendship by often inviting her and giving her the place of an empress at banquets, even when her successor, Empress Sun was present.  
There are many variations, but all feature a flat English saddle without the deep seat, high cantle or saddle horn seen on a Western saddle nor the knee pads seen on an Australian Stock Saddle.  
Eden Donatelli (born July 19, 1970) is a Canadian short track speed skating coach and former athlete.  
He was born in Brighton, the son of Cornelia James, the former glovemaker to Queen Elizabeth II.  
The show was established in the memory of Toronto comedic performer Tim Sims and has raised significant annual contributions for the Tim Sims Encouragement Fund Award (TSEF).  
She followed her partner, Canadian climber Will Gadd.  
Under the shield is the city's motto, "Progress and Prosperity."  
The group was founded in 1985 by Bibhas Chakraborty.  
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2002.  
Definitive Collection is a compilation album recorded by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) and produced by Jeff Lynne.  
Rogers won the Offensive Rookie of the Year, as he rushed all-time rookie record of 1,674 yards, a record which was eclipsed just two years later when Eric Dickerson of the Los Angeles Rams rushed for 1,808.  
In all cases external sensors are used to detect signals from boundary of the object, and the three-dimensional material distribution or the velocity field is computed using the measured data.  
The ladies' individual skating event was held as part of the figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics.  
It is scored for soprano, tenor and bass soloists, SATB choir, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 2 french horns, 3 trombones, violin I and II, viola, cello and double bass.  
Thambi Ramayya and Meera Krishna share screen space also playing the key roles in the movie.  
Exxon donor solvent process (EDS) is a coal liquefaction process developed by Exxon Research and Engineering Company, starting in 1966.  
At that time he was influenced by Rick Griffin whose artwork regularly appeared in Surfer Magazine.  
In the United States, the United States Army Military District of Washington (MDW) is responsible for providing military funerals.  
Proceedings commenced by or against the Crown are governed by the Crown Proceedings Act 1947, and procedurally by Part 66 of the Civil Procedure Rules 1998.In particular, judgments against the Crown cannot be enforced in the usual way.  
General Consell were given equal representation.  
Cheating at Solitaire is the first solo album from Social Distortion frontman Mike Ness.  
There are about 130 occurrences of this plant today, many of which are in Quebec and Maine.  
The city was partly excavated by the Japanese archeologist Count Otani.  
In 2016, the Mountaineer football team made the state playoffs for the first time in school history, with a record of 9-3.  
It was released on 19 September 2012 in the UK, 20 September 2012 in Japan and Australia, and 25 September 2012 for the North American markets.  
It is found in France, Italy and possibly Switzerland.  
Studios are located in Champaign, IL.  
He served on the National Security Council under President Ronald Reagan.  
Block Diagram Editor is the primary graphical user interface and is supported with customizable library blocks of hardware, software and communication resources.  
That is, the graph should have no edges that start within the closure and end outside the closure.  
The 1st British Film Academy Awards (retroactively known as the British Academy Film Awards), were handed out on 29 May 1949 at the Odeon Cinema, Leicester Square, in London, for films shown in the United Kingdom in 1947 and 1948.  
The tech building consists of a computer lab, the weight room, and the seminar room.  
Bride 13 is a 1920 American thriller film serial directed by Richard Stanton, and the first film serial made by Fox.  
All fair minded people realize, that the female religious, working every day in the numerous kindergartens, schools, hospitals and orphanages are not agents but follow the calling of God.  
The genus was originally referred to the family Trematochampsidae in 1989.  
In 2000, a total of 121 crews took part (69 men's crews and 52 women's crews), with around 1000 participants in total.  
It was discovered by John Herschel on December 28, 1834.  
It is characterized by abdominal pain, and fever if infected.  
The LM3914 is an integrated circuit (IC) designed by National Semiconductor and used to operate displays that visually show the magnitude of an analog signal.  
Brabham driver Denny Hulme won both heats and Jack Brabham won the final, with Brabham and Hulme sharing fastest lap in the final.  
Museum anthropology is a domain of scholarship and professional practice in the discipline of anthropology.  
It was built by local carpenter John Rodger and stonemason William Foster.  
In 1944, the group departed Italy for the China-Burma-India Theater, leaving its Curtiss P-40 Warhawks behind for Lockheed P-38 Lightnings and Republic P-47 Thunderbolts.  
Putrela village is located in Vissannapet Tehsil of Krishna district in Andhra Pradesh, India.  
The base of the ligament is attached to the outer edge of the sacrum and coccyx, and the tip of the ligament attaches to the spine of the ischium, a bone in the human pelvis.  
The club is active in three areas: swimming, water polo and master.  
The shock of Shays' Rebellion drew retired General George Washington back into public life, leading to his two terms as the United States' first President.  
The Al Muthanna Task Group (AMTG) was a battlegroup that formed Australia's main ground force contribution to the Multinational force in Iraq.  
Her public service roles were in the Department of Defense as an internal auditor, and in the employment department, with responsibility for unemployed people with special needs.  
OVPsim uses dynamic binary translation technology to achieve high simulation speeds.  
The Bharathiya Karma Sena (BKS) is a regional political party in the state of Kerala, India.  
Mario Alberto Salazar Madera (born 14 August 1975) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party.  
The IMES-3 RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure that was identified based on metagenomics and bioinformatics, and the underlying RNA sequences were identified independently by an earlier study.  
Robert Hawley Ingersoll (December 26, 1859 - September 4, 1928) was an American businessman who initiated the "Dollar Watch," the first mass-produced inexpensive pocket watch in 1896.  
George Philip Barber (26 March 1863 - 7 November 1938) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.  
It can be done in the night to reduce coughing at night (although PD should be avoided after meals) or in the morning to clear accumulated secretions during the night.  
Notion Press is a self-publishing company based in Chennai, India.  
The list is based on the most recent authoritative treatment of Norfolk Island, the 1994 Flora of Australia 49.  
As of today only three successful examples of student parties being able to win seats in town hall exist.  
Lebanon's reaction to the draft was very negative.  
Rishathra is also used as a form of birth control.  
He died in 1935 while visiting his ranch at Paso Robles, and was buried in Seattle, Washington.  
The first set of copyright licenses was released in December 2002.  
The word is usually used in reference to a kind of fret in architecture, or to a badge or insignia used in military or police uniforms to indicate rank or length of service, or in heraldry and the designs of flags (see flag terminology).  
The Seneca, formerly known as The Seneca Hotel, is an apartment complex located on the corner of Broad Street and Grant Avenue, in the Discovery District of downtown Columbus, Ohio.  
25 pin DCE devices transmit on pin 3 and receive on pin 2.  
McCutchen Meadows is a historic mansion in Auburn, Kentucky, USA.  
She is the mayor of Cerdon, Ain.  
She is known for being a contestant in the third cycle of Asia's Next Top Model, where she represented the Philippines.  
Nimi is a language spoken in Papua New Guinea.  
Redwood's decision to resign from the Senate and emigrate to Canada with his family in May 2013 was controversial, although Redwood promised to return to Jamaica after settling his family abroad.  
The need for HP is reduced when consumers have collateral or other forms of credit readily available.  
WCNR is owned and operated by Saga Communications.  
Delays are an English indie band formed in Southampton, consisting of brothers Greg and Aaron Gilbert, Colin Fox and Rowly.  
He turned professional in 1982, and after a failed visit to European Tour qualifying school in 1986 he spent time working as an assistant pro in New Jersey and playing on the mini-tour circuit in the United States.  
The Fleet Half Marathon is an annual road running event held in Fleet, Hampshire, United Kingdom.  
Crystal Springs provides irrigation for multiple nearby ranches and farms, some of which lie over 5 miles away from the springs.  
Prior to 1973, the team was known as the Columbus Golden Seals since 1971.  
Dar Ben Ayed is an old palace of the medina of Tunis.  
Wilson adopted the name Pato as a stage name for his various performances.  
The Bulldogs have played in nine bowl games since then.  
The song was written by bassist Ethan Mentzer.  
Elk Creek Township was erected in 1841, taking its name from Elk Creek.  
The Priestly Fraternity of the Missionaries of St. Charles Borromeo (FSCB), or also known as the Fraternity of St. Charles, was founded in Rome on 14 September 1985 by then Fr.  
Founded in 1967, BC Housing is a provincial Crown corporation under the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing that develops, manages and administers a wide range of subsidized housing options across the province.  
It has ACID transactions, joins, and a logical query language, Datalog.  
Ambassador Frank G. Wisner is Chairman of the Board of the Institute.  
The carbon footprint of the races are kept to a minimum, support cars outside BikingMan organizations media cars, are strictly forbidden.  
He made his first-class debut for Derbyshire during the 1978 season against the touring Pakistanis, taking two catches, before making his first appearance in the 1978 County Championship.  
The function of the modified male scape in unknown.  
The kettles are then filled with oil or lard.  
The list of most successful U-boat commanders contains the top-scoring German U-boat commanders in the two World Wars based on their total tonnage sunk.  
There is no reference to a church or priest in the entry for West Haddon in the Domesday Book.  
The 19th Infantry Division was a formation of the Ottoman Turkish Army, during the Balkan Wars, and the First World War.  
This list is based on the Handbook of Australian, New Zealand and Antarctic Birds list, May 2002 update, with the doubtfuls omitted.  
He is the founder and current president of the Malaysia Makkal Sakti Party.  
The Railways Act 1993, the Transport Act 1985 or the Road Traffic Act 1988, under the Office of Rail and Road, govern the majority of land transport.  
Many of the Grubb holdings and the Cornwall Iron Mines were sold in 1902 to the Pennsylvania Steel Company (which was itself acquired by the Bethlehem Steel Corporation in 1916).  
She is currently a Royal Academy of Engineering Visiting Professor of Inclusive Engineering at Aston University, developing undergraduate content on Inclusive Engineering to equip our next generation of engineers with the skills and competencies they need to be inclusive.  
Elsa D'Silva or Elsa Marie D'Silva is a former aviation professional and social entrepreneur whose interest in bringing about social change to improve the lives of women, youth and senior citizens through awareness, interaction and educationled her to found Safecity.in.  
The use of two radios with a single antenna imparts new design challenges, such as leakage of the voice transmitter signal into the GPS receiver circuitry.  
It also contained breaking news on politics and major events in Zambia.  
Due to this, Nanang and Luyoh decided to surrender to Brooke although they paid a heavy fine of 40 jars.  
Kodibail is a locality of Uppala in Kasaragod district in the state of Kerala, India.  
Educated at Girton College, Cambridge, and Harvard Business School, she was a partner at McKinsey & Company for 10 years before joining Citigroup in 2004.  
The Giligan's Sisig Kings (and its women's team Giligan's Sisig Queens) were volleyball teams playing in the Philippine Super Liga (PSL).  
The house is a stucco-faced stone building in the Greek Revival architectural style.  
The end product is known as a mature mRNA.  
The Roman Catholic Church in Vietnam comprises solely a Latin rite hierarchy, joint in a national episcopal conference, comprising three metropolitan archdioceses and 23 suffragan dioceses.  
This is a list of French football transfers for the 2010 winter transfer window.  
The Minton Archive is an important collection of records for the English pottery firm Minton.  
The company was founded in 1979 and is a division of Specialty Catalog Corporation.  
Rugeley B power station was commissioned in 1970 and closed on 8 June 2016.  
It was first described in 1873 by Thorell.  
Rockville is a village in the town of Hopkinton, Washington County, Rhode Island, United States.  
Several models simulate schizophrenia defects.  
Between 1977 and 1980, Harbhajan Singh, six Sikh foreign nationals and one from Guyana attempted to claim convention refugee status under the Immigration Act, 1976 on the basis that they had a well-founded fear of persecution in their home country.  
When he returned with an injury, Ike returned to him.  
Lamont continues to DJ UK garage and appeared in the Boiler Room project in 2012.Brown was previously in the band Double Trouble and has enjoyed a number of popular releases including "Street Tuff" which went to number 3 on the UK Singles Chart.  
The New York Times said it was "superabundant in charm, wit and soul".  
Deise Rosa de Almeida (born 8 September 1974) is a Brazilian Christian singer and songwriter.  
She won a gold medal in the mixed C-2 event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala, Gwynedd, Wales.  
The species was previously considered extinct but is now listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List.  
Dalhousie Hilltop School (DHS) is a CBSE affiliated co-educational residential school serving Kindergarten to class 12 (all streams) located in the Upper Bakrota Hills of Dalhousie, Himachal Pradesh, India.  
Several tracks on Blue Afternoon are songs Buckley had intended to record on earlier albums but had not completed.  
He served as Archbishop of Luanda from 1986 to 2001, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1983.  
The origins of the name Baxter Creek is unknown, but historians believe it to be from a family which once owned land in the area.  
Michael Gallagher (born c. 1958) is an American newspaper editor.  
Aglaia brassii is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family.  
The 2006 USL Premier Development League season was the 12th PDL season.  
Thyas juno is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.  
It was described as the "bloodiest battle in 5 months".  
Traditional Scottish dishes exist alongside international foodstuffs brought about by migration.  
In algebraic geometry, a Gorenstein scheme is a locally Noetherian scheme whose local rings are all Gorenstein.  
Most of the songs were cover versions but there were also three original songs.  
Riaz Kail (born 10 November 1988) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who played for Abbottabad cricket team.  
A fossil fragment was cataloged in London.  
Advanced Photo System (APS) is a discontinued film format for still photography first produced in 1996.  
A regular feature in the Holyoke Saint Patrick's Day Parade since the first in 1952, the band also performs at Smith College's annual commencement, as well as charity and private events.  
Sandersonia is a rhizomatous plant genus native to South Africa (the Cape Provinces, KwaZulu-Natal and the Northern Provinces) and Swaziland, part of the family Colchicaceae.  
The PARI was formed on February 10, 1972 and today is composed of 14 corporate members and 13 associate members.  
The songs "Plant the Sky," "Joy of Love," and "Rain" were edited and released as singles for radio play.  
Chembakolli's closest town is Gudalur and its closest city is Mysore and Coimbatore to south of Nilgiris district.  
The town was founded along a rail line by the same family that later started Bassett Furniture.  
An extremely critical fire weather event is the greatest threat level issued by the NWS Storm Prediction Center (SPC) for wildfire events in the United States.  
In this competition participated the national teams of Switzerland, France and two teams of Germany (1 with 5 players, mainly from SC Moskitos, and the other team with 6 players).  
Scott Scharff (born February 7, 1982) is a former American football defensive lineman.  
A self-titled album appeared two years later, which afforded the band some mainstream exposure.  
The Center was established at the University of New South Wales (UNSW) in May 1986 and officially opened in November 1987.  
Hanscom Park United Methodist Church is located at 4444 Frances Street in the Hanscom Park neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.  
He was also an LDS Chaplain during the Korean War.  
Law thus reads this verse as calling for keeping the notion private from general onlookers.  
The Ennomini are a tribe of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily.  
Gerard Way has said that a shared theme of the Young Animal comics is "relationships between parents and children."  
Task Force ODIN, whose name is an acronym for observe, detect, identify, and neutralize, is a United States Army aviation battalion created in August 2006 to conduct reconnaissance, surveillance and target acquisition (RSTA) operations to combat insurgent operators of improvised explosive devices in Iraq.  
It saw Elke Sommer's only appearance in a Carry On and was the first of two entries in the series for Windsor Davies.  
All matches were broadcast live on GEO Super television.  
Frisby has more than 200 restaurants in 24 Colombian cities.  
In particular, the lack of exposure is thought to lead to defects in the establishment of immune tolerance.  
Number 10 is a drama series for BBC Radio 4 about a fictional British Prime Minister and his staff.  
After Asterius gave a Christian burial to a Roman soldier Marinus of Caesarea, who suffered martyrdom, he too was condemned to martyrdom, and was beheaded.  
He is an alumnus of Art Start and Public Allies.  
This is a list of airports in Panama, sorted by location.  
The town of Strumica and its surrounding area (including Novo Selo) were part of Bulgaria between the Balkan wars and the end of World War I, as well as during World War II.  
Everybody they could find was killed, including the local Sheik.  
The Ohio Revised Code contains all current statutes of the Ohio General Assembly of a permanent and general nature, consolidated into provisions, titles, chapters and sections.  
The growing power of the Chudasama dynasty and the his acts of harassing the pilgrims to Somnath temple resulted in a his conflict with Mularaja.  
Eddie Watkins was the band's original drummer, but did not rejoin the band upon its reunion in 2008.  
The Burleigh Brewing Company is a brewery in Burleigh Heads, Queensland and is a brewery located on the Gold Coast, Queensland.  
The county seat is St. Ignace.  
McNeill is a Council member of Action on Smoking and Health and is a trustee of the Society for the Study of Addiction and of Tobacco Free Futures.  
Semaphorin-3A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SEMA3A gene.  
Barrels tend to vary in diameter by minute amounts, and this variation can create a situation whereby the solid pilot reamer fits too loosely or too snugly in the bore.  
The name is from two Greek words meaning "good" and "roof", due to their common use in roof thatching.  
Raphistemma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1831.  
The Royal Standard of Norway (Norwegian: Kongeflagget) is used by the King of Norway.  
It used to be considered a subspecies of the common cicadabird.  
Now (previously Chemistry) supported by the 'MTV Sheep' campaign.  
The proposal had been dubbed "Boris island" by the media, reflecting the support for the project from former London Mayor Boris Johnson.  
In 2005, Fantasy Flight released Descent: Journeys in the Dark, which is based on the Doom game.  
He served on the Indianapolis Waterworks Board and during his last year of service as its president until April 2012.  
The building of the school was approved in the 2006 Bond, and was completed just prior to the beginning of the 2010-2011 school year.  
Ricarda Lobe is in the MTG Manneheim team.  
He plays as a fly half or center.  
Integrated Overhead SIGINT Architecture, or IOSA, incorrectly reported to be codenamed Intruder, was a spy satellite system to be operated by the United States National Reconnaissance Office, which would have replaced the Mentor and Mercury systems.  
It is the 2nd compilation album and the 9th overall release by Insane Clown Posse.  
George Richard Eastham (13 August 1914 - January 2000) was an English footballer and manager.  
The event were previously sponsored by 989 Sports and in 2005 by Electronic Arts EA Sports.  
Punjabi Tribune is a Punjabi language daily newspaper owned by The Tribune Trust, publishes in the Punjab, India.  
A theater, theater or playhouse, is a structure where theatrical works or plays are performed, or other performances such as musical concerts may be produced.  
The beach is named for Italian inventor Guglielmo Marconi.  
He played ten years of professional hockey in North America and Europe.  
Engystomops montubio is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae.  
Filling a gap in what was a new research field, the journal was established in 2007 and is published by BioMed Central.  
In January 2012 he shared the Chauvenet Prize with three mathematical collaborators.  
He competed on the television music reality show Indian Idol season 2 in 2006.  
It has a Roman Catholic ethos.  
Principal cities include: Bristol, Hartford, and Torrington.  
Its name refers to the original Golden Age of Television which occurred in the 1950s.  
He specializes in phonetics and phonology as well as in forensic linguistics.  
New Orleans Saints have appeared in 17 different postseason games and have compiled a record of 8-9 (as of January, 2018).  
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Barry served in the United States Marine Corps from 1954 to 1958.  
The album's title is in reference to the fact that the band promised that they would only ever release one album.  
Within 18 months the initial intake of 29 students had grown dramatically to a full-capacity school roll of 210 students.  
The concept debuted December 18, 2009.  
The following is a list of squads for each nation competing at the 2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in New Zealand.  
The operation was uncovered and thwarted by the IRA South Armagh Brigade.  
In 2015, Freeman began using the Gene Ween moniker again for live performances, and later that year they announced their first shows in years for 2016.  
Part of the DeForest Area School District, the school serves students in grades 9-12.  
He claimed that the inspiration for his songs were from his dreams.  
One woman also ran for president, Elia Ravelomanantsoa.  
The seat of Modimolle Local Municipality was Modimolle.  
Srirangam is bounded by the Kaveri River (also known as Cauvery river) on one side, and the Kaveri distributary Kollidam (Coleroon) on the other side.  
Gourav Chopra is an Indian TV actor.  
He played sparingly with the Bulls as a rookie, but earned the respect of coach Dick Motta, and remained on the team for several years.  
PPAs attempt to better understand the poor, to give the poor more influence over decisions that affect their lives, and to increase effectiveness of poverty reduction policies.  
A signals section was formed in late December.  
Lenten calendars traditionally start on Ash Wednesday and conclude on Easter Day.  
In 2006, the St. Louis Business Journal named Aboussie one of the "Most Influential Business Women."  
The Duplicate, published in 1988, is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator.  
They also teamed up with Bedhead a year later for the mini-album Macha Loved Bedhead (Jetset 2000).  
The High Road debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 with 108,000 copies sold in its first week.  
Pilots usually listen to an available ATIS broadcast before contacting the local control unit, which reduces the controllers' workload and relieves frequency congestion.  
This is a list of video games that have consistently been ranked among the best of all time by video game journalists and critics.  
The fishing cat (Prionailurus viverrinus) is a medium-sized wild cat of South and Southeast Asia.  
He was also the Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Schneider Electric.  
Vannucchi began songwriting in a small mountain town near Yosemite National Park and later enlisted the help of friends to perform his material.  
The program is modeled after the Indian talk-show Koffee with Karan.  
Overseas Experience (OE) is a New Zealand term for an extended overseas working period or holiday.  
The company employs approximately 2,600 people in 15 countries and its integrated organization consists of Zambon Company SpA, the industrial holding company for the group which comprises Zach System (fine chemicals), Zambon SpA (pharmaceuticals) and Z-Cube (Research Venture).  
On Saturday 4 April 2009, an 11-year-old boy was found with critical head injuries near a brickpit in a rural area of Edlington, while his nine-year-old nephew was found wandering nearby with knife wounds.  
The entity was formed "to consolidate the services of six former regional library systems:" Boston Regional Library System, Central Massachusetts Regional Library System, MetroWest Regional Library System, Northeast Massachusetts Regional Library System, Southeastern Massachusetts Library System, and Western Massachusetts Regional Library System.  
Cyrus performed the song in several venues; her first, in the 2008 Disney Channel Games was used as a promotional music video and on her first world tour, the Wonder World Tour, it was the opening number.  
Winchester only chambered the model 1910 in the .401 Winchester Self-Loading or .401 WSL cartridge.  
Two of these native species may have become extirpated within the state.  
He founded a project at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society that develops classroom tools.  
Released in 2007 as the first single from the album, the song reached No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, as well as #2 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks chart, eventually being certified Platinum by the RIAA.  
SCC 29 is a 2002 case of the Supreme Court of Canada which held that in order for a defense to be presented to a jury, that defense must possess an "air of reality"; that is, "if a properly instructed jury acting reasonably could acquit the accused on the basis of the defense".  
He currently attends Cumberland University on a cycling scholarship.  
She was based at the headquarters in Atlanta.  
The violet-backed starling (Cinnyricinclus leucogaster), also known as the plum-colored starling or amethyst starling, is a relatively small species of starling in the family Sturnidae.  
Historically the club has been successful with 15 Danish championships medals divided on both genders.  
The Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB), is a worldwide professional body that represents construction and property professionals who work within the built environment.  
The basic design includes a horizontal tricolor of yellow, blue, and red, dating to the original flag introduced in 1811, in the Venezuelan War of Independence.  
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Troms in 2013 where he is member of the Standing Committee on Education, Research and Church Affairs.  
Paul Martin was a German bobsledder.  
Skemp is a Canadian football player.  
Morsea kaibabensis, the kaibab monkey grasshopper, is a species of monkey grasshopper in the family Eumastacidae.  
The Secretary-General stated, "UN members are entitled whether to vote for or against the Palestinian statehood recognition at the UN."  
A traditional printed version is also published, at present on an annual basis.  
This 'special grass' could survive in such places, but the erosion is still evident at the site and continues to be a problem there.  
It was the second event of fourteen in the 2016 International V8 Supercars Championship and hosted Races 4 and 5 of the season.  
In addition to local news and programming, XHTPZ also airs a selection of other Televisa programs.  
Thomas Ernest Woods Jr. (born August 1, 1972) is an American historian, political commentator, author, and podcaster.  
His work was strongly influenced by the newly developed red-figure style.  
Common names for plants in this genus include blue cohosh, squaw root, and papoose root.  
Diffusion lines are an offshoot of a company or a designers original line that is less expensive in order to reach a broader market and gain a wider consumer base.  
The quarterfinalists were guaranteed a World Group spot for 1984.  
In April or May 1034, John was forced to flee Amalfi again, this time because Pandulf had conquered Gaeta (1032) and was threatening the remaining coastal cities, including Naples, to which John fled, for Duke Sergius IV of Naples was likewise sheltering the deposed John V of Gaeta.  
Directed by Herman Escueta, it stars Jessica "Gracia" Cortez.  
It reopened in 1815 and was later acquired by impresario Giuseppe Camploy in 1819.  
It was included in 2014 Commonwealth Games.  
Blaine's reputation for public corruption and his inadvertent alienation of Catholic voters proved decisive.  
Ahmed Nadeem (born 26 October 1976) is a United Arab Emirati cricketer.  
The film was a remake of the 1976 Hindi film Kalicharan.  
The Sunbury Line contains the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western's well known Nicholson Cutoff railroad segment.  
It was founded by Sage Francis.  
Aprille Ericsson-Jackson (born April 1, 1963) is an American aerospace engineer.  
In 1964, it was the launching point of the first American tour of The Rolling Stones.  
He played college football at LSU, and was drafted by the Bills in the fifth round of the 2006 NFL draft.  
It ceased to exist when it merged with the Corporate Town of Port Adelaide on 7 December 1886 as the Birkenhead Ward, a move supported by the council and the local population.  
Five singles have been released from it: "The Question Is What Is the Question?", "And No Matches", "Jumping All Over the World", a remix of "I'm Lonely" and a new version of "Jump That Rock!"  
He has been associated with the investigations of a number of sensitive and important cases of national and international ramification.  
The major sponsor for the Illawarra Premier League is the Illawarra Mercury and as such the competition is often referred to as the Illawarra Mercury Premier League.  
Escuela San Francisco de Placilla (English: San Francisco de Placilla School) is a Chilean high school located in Placilla, Colchagua Province, Chile.  
United States topped the group, joined in the second round by North Korea, the only team the United States failed to beat.  
The club is the oldest rugby club in Greece and it is currently a member of the Unity cup, the top tier of domestic rugby union in Greece.  
Around 1832 John Gardner Wilkinson copied inscriptions of a coffin naming a queen with the same name.  
Graeme Robert Ballard (born 16 June 1979) is an English Paralympian athlete with cerebral palsy, who competes mainly in category T36 sprint events.  
From the upper order, he scored 3 runs in the only innings in which he batted.  
A small portion of land that is between Pelham and Pelham Bay Park, with a total of 35 houses, is a part of the Bronx, but is cut off from the rest of the borough due to the way the county boundaries were established.  
Sarovaram is a 1993 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Jeassy and produced by KM Abraham, starring Mammootty, Jayasudha and Thilakan.  
Dating from 1876, the bank was designed by local architect Thomas Bower as a branch of the Midland Bank, and later became a branch of Barclays.  
Jacob Doyle Corman Jr. (born September 17, 1932) is a former member of the Pennsylvania Senate.  
The film stars James LeGros, Mira Sorvino, Stacey Oristano, Dominic Monaghan, Christopher Backus and Steven Swadling.  
Applications for membership are reviewed in early November each year.  
Mariners of the Sky (also known as Navy Born) is a 1936 American comedy-drama film directed by Nate Watt, in his directorial debut.  
He works at the Bob Graham Center for Public Service at his undergraduate alma mater, the University of Florida.  
Established in 1873, the club folded in 1937 after the formation of Colchester United.  
The Rebellion compete in the USA Rugby League (USARL), which they joined as a charter franchise in the 2011 season.  
It is located in the borough of Amsterdam-Oost.  
The School is operated by The Head of School Anisur Rahman Shohagh, who has been a local working partner of British Council Bangladesh since 2007.  
Stories for the Soul is a Philippine television drama anthology series broadcast by GMA Network.  
The Show always begins on the first Friday of September and runs for 10 days (9 until 2013).  
Although the term has historically been used by phoneticians, and is occasionally used by phonologists today, it is now more common in popular use as an imprecise term for sounds produced relatively far back in the vocal tract.  
Located near the Sutlej River, the city is one of the most sacred places in Sikhism, being the place where the last two Sikh Gurus lived and where Guru Gobind Singh Ji founded the Khalsa Panth in 1699.  
Luo Points are points where a meridian exits off from the main flow and connects with the Yin/Yang paired meridian.  
The diagnosis of aortic dissection can be made by visualization of the intimal flap and flow of contrast material in both the true lumen and the false lumen.  
He graduated from Simi Valley High School and received a bachelor's degree from University of California, Santa Cruz and a master's degree in European history from San Francisco State University.  
It can also happen due to unforeseen exertion or breathing equipment failure.  
She was soon transferred again, to 11th U-boat Flotilla on 1 November 1942, then again to 13th U-boat Flotilla on 1 June 1943, and finally to 1st U-boat Flotilla on 1 November 1943.  
Greensteds School is a Kenyan mixed day and boarding school situated 17 kilometers (11 miles) south of Nakuru, Nakuru County, Rift Valley Province.  
He formed another government on 29 January 1927.  
The city is the county seat of Liberty County.  
Hatcher hosted the program, aired by Christian broadcaster Hope 103.2, until 8 December 2013.In January 2014, after four decades of broadcast journalism, Hatcher became director for public affairs with the HammondCare organization.  
Mishi Choudhary is a technology lawyer and online civil liberties activist working in the United States and India.  
The current Minister of police is General Bheki Cele.  
They appear in period-style black and white sequences that are used to frame the re-dubbed clips of car chases, explosions, flying men, sinister villains and villainesses, fights, and various other perils that are strung together in a somewhat incoherent plot.  
Gerard II was Count of Guelders from March 1129 until his death on October 24, 1131.  
The SPA Council is headed by India's Minister of Human Resource Development and consists of the chairpersons and directors of all SPAs and senior officials from the MHRD.  
Particularly well known species include Holotrichia serrata which is a serious problem in sugarcane cultivation and Holotrichia consanguinea which is a problem in groundnut cultivation.  
The request may be granted only if it is seconded by one-fifth of the senators present.  
This lengthy process had to be repeated for each color in the design.  
Other causes of myonecrosis include envenomation by snakes of the genus Bothrops (family Viperidae), ischemic necrosis, caused by vascular blockage (e.g., diabetes type II), tumors that block or hoard blood supply, and disseminated intravascular coagulation or other thromboses.  
Its major center is Albury-Wodonga.  
It was also the year in which the first girls' championship for U16 was played.  
In March 2017, the support program was renamed to Novel-T for a better distinction between the organization and the campus.  
This is a list of Swazi billionaires based on an annual assessment of wealth and assets compiled and published by Forbes magazine in 2017.  
Within Italy, CONI recognizes 45 national sports federations, 16 associate sports disciplines, 12 promotional sports organizations, 1 territorial sports organization, and 19 organizations for the betterment of sports.  
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2558.  
It has no originating or halting stations from its station.  
The complex is located in Pleasant Gap, within the Bellefonte Area School District's attendance region.  
After graduating from Columbia University in 1995, Schaffer began his career as a writer at City Paper, where he eventually became the editor David Carr (journalist)'s deputy.  
The Conservatives had 6 net gains and took control of the council, which had previously been no overall control, with a majority of just 2.  
The clan is "a very tight knit family group of men-of-honor, not only joined by Mafia bonds, but also by ties of blood."  
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1999 to August 2000.  
The building was demolished in 1992, but not before hosting the Missouri Valley Conference men's basketball tournament the preceding year.  
It sold 1 million copies by March 2001.  
It tells the story of a Christian leader, his wife, and his foster children's adventures living in Rome, Italy AD64 whose mission is to keep Jesus's stories alive during the 1st century.  
Starting his music career in 2013, he released multiple songs independently and through labels such as Monstercat, Foreign Family Collective and bitbird.  
The Sables de Glos is a geologic formation in France.  
This plant is a semi-succulent annual herb growing just a few centimeters tall.  
The couple is often called "T&B" or "TnB" (for Todd and Blair) by fans on Internet message boards.  
Port Adelaide beat North Adelaide by 60 to 39.  
They released two full-length albums and an EP, as well as appearing on a number of compilations.  
The Transit Enforcement Unit is the transit law enforcement division of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.  
The channel originally focused on programming related to fine arts and film; it currently broadcasts several reality television series targeted at 25-54 year-old women as well as the LGBT community, along with acquired and original dramas, and mainstream theatrically released feature films.  
While a professional driver, he used Roush Racing engines (later Roush-Yates engines).  
The street is a home to upscale shops, offices, and night clubs, such as the historic Petrovka Passazh and TsUM.  
Gregory D. Headley (born in Dallas, Texas) is an experimental composer and performer, as well as owner of 28 Angles, an independent record label.  
There are also other devices, which can offer some helpful separation.  
Oliver is most noted for his work with graphic design studios 23 Envelope and v23.  
Peel was responsible for "artistic direction" and the commercial side was handled by Clive Selwood of Elektra Records and his wife Shirley.  
Cedarview was opened in 1994.  
It is also referred to as Steel City of Punjab or "Loha Mandi" due to its large number of steel factories.  
Awarded the silver Guy Medal in 1940.  
The twenty-four teams were divided into eight teams of three to compete in round-robin matches.  
He was a member of the Arkansas Senate from 2001 to 2011, and a member of the Democratic Party.  
It primarily derives revenue from the sale of subscriptions to its online publications.  
Fusiturris pfefferi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.  
Larvae have been reared on Turnera odorata.  
Ocean City, Maryland has several events catered to Senior Week which include Play it Safe, the Ocean City Car Show, & Dew Tour.  
Orculella cretimaxima is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Orculidae.  
Throughput of the port is included in the 15 largest Russian sea ports.  
The Mount Kenya mole shrew (Surdisorex polulus) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Mount Kenya in Kenya.  
Acepromazine is used primarily as a chemical restraint in hyperactive or fractious animals.  
Some components have an exception for plugin code, while other components use LGPLv2 or Apache.  
Career is a 1939 drama film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Anne Shirley and Edward Ellis.  
In Greek sources, Ostanes is given as the name of one of the sons of the Achaemenid Persian emperor Darius (II) Nothos, and the grandfather of Darius (III) Codomannos.  
The original focus of the series was influenced by conspiracy films of the 1970s such as Three Days of the Condor and The Parallax View, in which an innocent character is caught up in, and slowly unravels, a major conspiracy.  
Norbert Holzknecht (born 13 April 1976) is an Austrian former alpine skier.  
Regulatory translation also requires specific knowledge of the document templates required for different countries' dossier formats.  
After a series of transactions the mill was purchased by James E. Aderholdt, who operated it with the new turbine until 1976.  
Light is required for the seeds to germinate.  
While the story is set in London, the film was shot in Bucharest, Romania.  
The Funny Company is an American animated cartoon produced in 1963 and seen in syndication.  
Chernin has donated over $100,000 to the Democratic Party, candidates & associated organizations, as well as hosting Barack Obama at his home for a fundraiser in 2013.  
Payne continues to perform, both as a solo act and as a part of the "Former Ladies of the Supremes" (FLOS).  
The service delivers software updates for Windows, as well as the various Microsoft antivirus products, including Windows Defender and Microsoft Security Essentials.  
He was a member of the Venezuelan team during the 2001 Tournament of the Americas.  
The 40th Annual ASIFA-East Animation Festival was in 2009.  
In the 2011 census it had a population of 186.There are nine grade II listed buildings or structures in the parish, including bridges, barns, houses and a limekiln.  
It is native to South America, where its distribution includes Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.  
Panfilov Street Promenade is a promenade located in Almaty, Kazakhstan.  
Turn-off notices, which are sent after a regular bill has been sent, but may resemble a bill, are generally sent several days to weeks before the planned date, giving the customer a sufficient amount of time to make a payment that would avert the interruption.  
11 Windsor MLA William Dalley resigned on 25 February 1860 to undertake a visit to Europe.  
Nessman coached at the high school and community college levels before becoming an assistant basketball coach at California in 2004.  
Each team consists of five students.  
Pamudurthi Bayapa Reddy was an Indian politician.  
Small portions also lie in the Town of Gilman, also in Pierce County, and the Town of Cady in St. Croix County.  
Gerald A. "Jerry" Krummel is a Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oregon.  
In the episode, the Fringe division learns that Walter Bishop's old colleague, William Bell, has been in control of David Robert Jones' actions to collapse both universes in an attempt to create a new universe under his own control, and the Fringe team must make sacrifices to put an end to Bell's plans.  
The honor of Stoke-Courcy represented 25 knight's fees.  
Abdul Shamsid-Deen (born August 1, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player.  
Doug Wheatley, sometimes credited as Douglas H. Wheatley or Doug Tropea-Wheatley, is a Canadian comic book artist who has illustrated numerous comic books including several Star Wars and "How to Train Your Dragon" stories for Dark Horse Comics.  
Hobo II was built in 1905 as a private motorboat of the same name by the Electric Launch Company (ELCO) at Bayonne, New Jersey.  
Sergeant Henderson was awarded his medal on 23 November 1912, for the same action as Lieutenant Archie Miller.  
Phyllomacromia contumax, the two-banded cruiser, is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae that lives in sub-Saharan Africa.  
When Minnie broke up with him, he blackmailed her and raped her.  
The flower is cream to pale brownish yellow in color.  
It is located between Sankaridurg and Cauvery.  
Both singles were released on February 17, 2015.  
The band disbanded in 2006.  
It was created on 28 July 1908 for Marshall Warmington, Liberal Member of Parliament for West Monmouthshire from 1885 to 1895.  
The company operates seven bulk ships, seven product tankers and two chemical tankers.  
It shows the whole Mediterranean, the Black Sea and a part of the atlantic coast, from the north of present-day Morocco (down to roughly the 33rd parallel north, with the town of Azemmour) to the present-day Netherlands, but the accuracy of the map is mostly limited to the Mediterranean.  
The journal was established in 1975 and is published by the National Herbarium of New South Wales, Royal Botanic Gardens & Domain Trust.  
The map was included in an issue of Wired and drew attention to Price of Weed from Barry Ritholtz's Big Picture and Flowing Data.  
It was nominated for being one of the few surviving commercial buildings in the once-thriving Mississippi River community, and a well-preserved example of a form of commercial Italianate architecture popular along the river valley.  
France and California were heavily represented, but entries from many countries around the world were included.  
Gibbons found himself in a curious position [when he wrote Red Napoleon in the 1920s]...  
It has a News/Talk format, and broadcasts on 1540 kHz and 104.5 MHz.  
He has been a member of the church's presiding bishopric and a member of the Presidency of the Seventy.  
Staff colleges (also command and staff colleges and war colleges) train military officers in the administrative, staff and policy aspects of their profession.  
Several medications which have epigenetic impact are now used in several of these diseases.  
Cat People is a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader.  
Countries in Southern Africa are worst affected by the HIV/AIDS pandemic.  
It was produced by Beyond Dreams Production House.  
Rachel Furner is a multi-platinum selling British songwriter signed to Universal Music Publishing.  
It is expressed in the nucleus and (in an eight-week-old sheep) is preferentially expressed in skeletal muscle.  
Ian Hazel (born 1 December 1967) is an English former professional footballer.  
Rolling Stone included Jerry at number 68 on their list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time and Moby Grape's album 'Moby Grape' at number 124 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.  
Up and Dream is a musical revue with a book by John Hastings Turner and music and lyrics by Cole Porter and others.  
She is currently faculty at the Rhode Island School of Design.  
Parasinilabeo longicorpus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China.  
He was originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on March 2, 2011, and was released on July 25, 2011.  
These countries included Jamaica (whose involvement spurred the Walt Disney Pictures film Cool Runnings), Mexico, and New Zealand.  
He currently works as a celebrity tour guide for Hush Hip Hop Tours, a hip-hop cultural sightseeing tour company in New York City, and is a Board member of The Universal Federation for the Preservation of Hip Hop Culture.  
It is often associated with, but not closely related to, the common snapping turtle, which is in the genus Chelydra.  
The Tundra is a bulk carrier.  
He writes as Leonard Carpenter and Leonard P. Carpenter.  
In the U.S., the term Hispanic categorizes any citizen or resident of the United States, of any racial background, of any country, and of any religion, who has at least one ancestor from the people of Spain or is of non-Hispanic origin but has an ancestor from Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central or South America, or some other Hispanic origin.  
It has also seen major changes in the way scientific research is conducted and its results publicized, with open science initiatives allowing knowledge creation to occur well outside the traditional environment of the laboratory.  
Phulbani Lok Sabha constituency was a Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituency in Orissa state in eastern India till 2008.  
It was used in a full-page ad in a lesbian nightlife magazine, GO MAGAZINE.  
Middleton is a city in Hardeman County, Tennessee, United States.  
The Clippers compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division.  
David Hugh Segal (born 20 March 1937) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the sprints.  
The Erie Sailors was the name of several minor league baseball teams that played in Erie, Pennsylvania between 1906 and 1994.  
It is located on 17 Pebble Drive, Savannah Park.  
Mastchoh is a town and jamoat in north-western Tajikistan.  
Heterixalus is a genus of frogs in the family Hyperoliidae.  
Ehrlich played a central role in the development of the Asian cable and telecom industry.  
Words with Gods follows the theme of religion, specifically as it relates to an individual's relationship with his/her god or gods.  
This is a complete list of members of the United States Senate during the 104th United States Congress listed by seniority, from January 3, 1995 to January 3, 1997.  
Although originally established in 1877 by University of St Andrews professors and their wives amid the increased demand for women's education, the school is now fully co-educational, taking boys and girls aged 5 to 18, with the option of boarding from age 12.  
Nevertheless, two-cent pieces remain inexpensive by the standards of 19th-century American coinage.  
He lived more than 35 years in the Americas, 25 of them in Louisiana and Florida.  
The Economist Intelligence Unit has rated Luxembourg as "full democracy" in 2016.  
The tree is native to India and Pakistan, but is also found in some parts of Southeast Asia.  
As the name of the episode implies, viewers experience Donald Duck himself as he struggles through a typical day at the Walt Disney Studios.  
The village is famous for the Our Lady of Snow church located at the heart of the Terku (South) Kallikulam.  
The dust generated by the process was bad for the grinder's health, and many of them died young from 'grinder's disease'.  
The Fulmar was a two-stage British sounding rocket.  
It is practiced in 49 of the 50 states in the United States.  
He appeared in more than thirty films from 1953 to 1987.  
This is a list of all episodes of The NBC Mystery Movie.  
These inhibitors possess a bond-forming functional group of low chemical reactivity that, following binding to the target protein, is positioned to react rapidly with a specific nucleophilic residue at the target site and form a bond (Singh, Petter, Baillie, & Whitty, 2011).  
The term is also used among Protestants to refer to different denominations of the same religious tradition.  
Its probable true site was tentatively identified by archeologists in 2003 at a site on Purtan Bay, further west on the York River.  
At over 84,000 tons, Arcadia is the fourth largest of seven ships currently in service with P&O Cruises.  
As such, the Chancery issued injunctions in an ineffective attempt to prevent its use.  
After relegation from the Premier Division in 2015, they will play in the National Division One in 2016.  
Elements common to all variants include the steel bodyshells, the two bogies with two powered axles each, the three-phase asynchronous induction motors, the cooling exhausts on the roof edges, and the wheel disk brakes.  
Usually the hardware device considered to be crippleware can be upgraded to better or its full potential by way of a trivial change, such as removing a jumper wire.  
The company was acquired by Opera Software in 2010.  
The Samsung NX30 is a DSLR-style mirrorless camera, part of Samsung's NX series announced by Samsung on January 2, 2014.  
Designed and built by Bolliger & Mabillard, the roller coaster originally opened in 1996 as a stand-up roller coaster called Mantis, which at the time was the tallest, fastest, and longest of its kind in the world.  
Nuit noire 17 octobre 1961 is a 2005 French television film directed by Alain Tasma.  
The Proconesian marble for the sarcophagus was quarried on Marmara Island, Turkey, known as Proconnesus or Prokonnesos to the ancients.  
IFMA's global headquarters, called the Service Center of Excellence, is located in Houston, Texas and led by President and CEO Tony Keane, CAE.  
Rebecca Emily Hollcraft (born May 9th) is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist, known professionally as BECCA, Becca-chan, and Bec Hollcraft.  
Luke Torn, who has also written for The Wall Street Journal, Mojo, and The Austin Chronicle, took over as editor in 2005.  
His other films include Aanaval Mothiram and Ghoshayathra.  
Scarlet Road was a 2011 Walkley Documentary Award finalist.  
The Maharishi University of Management stabbing occurred on March 1, 2004, when without provocation, a university student Shuvender Sem fatally stabbed a fellow student, Levi Butler, after Sem had attacked another student earlier in the day.  
He returned to the Jets in 2014 for one final season, and played his 300th NBL game on May 3 in a win over the Canterbury Rams.  
Josef Drobnik from the SPARQ Systems Inc., Kingston, ON was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015 for development of high performance power converters in industrial applications.  
In 1999, the average family income was $36,883, and the unemployment rate was 7.60%.  
Despite her arrest and indictment on bribery charges, Troutman ran for alderman in 2007; she lost.  
Erith was a local government district in north west Kent from 1876 to 1965 around the town of Erith.  
She retired from the international game in May 2007, citing the increased pressures of representing her country.  
Matthew Kelly (born 2 July 1971) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).  
After his departure from Yes, Bruford spent the rest of the 1970s playing in King Crimson, touring with Genesis and U.K., and eventually forming his own group, Bruford.  
All the total sales are rounded to the nearest 100 and expressed in thousands.  
One of the televised matches ended in a disqualification when Baron von Raschke and Krusher Khruschev interfered on behalf of Ivan and Nikita Koloff to attack The Road Warriors.  
Not to be confused with Zapadni Cesko-Bratrska Jednota, a related newspaper The Western Fraternal Life Association, previously known as the Zapadni Ceska Bratrska Jednota (English: Western Bohemian Fraternal Association) is a fraternal benefit society and financial services organization in the United States.  
Older maps also show a cluster of buildings at Riggonhead, on the bank to the south-east of the main pond, at NT416752, but all that remains there now are some earth mounds which are frequently used by scrambler bikes.  
Shoji is particularly known for his red carpet gowns and evening wear.  
This separation forces water and solutes to pass through the plasma membrane via a symplastic route in order to cross the endodermis layer.  
Most studios did not have the means to stand against the Trust and were forced out of operation.  
When she is humiliated by her classmates at the high school prom, she unleashes chaos on everyone and everything in her path.  
Frontman Ladd Mitchell has said they just refer to it as "Building..." or "Building a Better".  
This method can apply to both extant and extinct animals, according to the scope of the study.  
It was established in 1997 as a true national league to replace the ailing, state club-based Mobil League.  
Consisting of 46 quatrains of Alexandrine verses, and a re-editing process started in 1874 and completed in 1875, it is the fruit of a labor started in 1883.  
Arcinges is a commune in the Loire department in central France.  
Ronald P. Stanton (March 26, 1928) was an American businessman who founded Transammonia Inc (now Trammo, Inc).  
Keeling's work challenges conventional norms surrounding sex, gender, race, and religion.  
It provides conservative social commentary and criticism of liberals, Islam and Democrats.  
The US team, under his direction, won nine medals at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles in 1984.  
Mordella brevicornis is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.  
He is arguably the country's best-known movie critic as well as one of its most widely read (and discussed) columnists.  
Referred to as The Gang That Ruled Cyberspace in a 1995 non-fiction book, MOD was at the forefront of exploiting telephone systems to hack into the private networks of major corporations.  
NewportRydeBradingCowesEast CowesSandownShanklinVentnorYarmouth This is a list of towns and villages in the county of Isle of Wight, England.  
Ateneo won 1-0 ,with Jarvey Gayoso's goal at the 39th minute to claim their seventh UAAP Football Championship title.  
It was launched in 1989 for the treatment of depression in Japan by Mochida.  
Ballantyne had first attempted to gain entry to the Scottish Football League by applying for the place created when the original Airdrieonians closed, but Gretna were accepted instead.  
Animal Man was a comic book ongoing series published by DC Comics starring the superhero Animal Man.  
A number of species of Acacia and Eucalyptus have minni ritchi bark.  
For relatives of Stanhopea see Stanhopeinae and the closely related sister subtribe Coeliopsidinae.  
Salem Township is one of the twelve townships of Champaign County, Ohio, United States.  
A video broadcast service, Hitz Television, made its debut in July 2007 by using video service, YouTube, to broadcast According to Radio Today, Hitz Radio came under fire from some in the UK radio industry.  
Rice cutgrass, in contrast, has leaf sheaths round enough to cause painful scratches, flowering heads with two or more branches at the lowermost nodes, larger and barely overlapping spikelets, and more elongated rhizomes with the scales usually not overlapping.  
Vince Eyma, otherwise known as Vince Valholla and formally known as Vince The Prince, is a Haitian American record producer, arranger, manager, and entrepreneur.  
By Walton and Rube Barker were All-Southern.  
Unlike chunky, high color, or true color graphics, the whole dataset for an individual pixel isn't in one specific location in RAM, but spread across the bitplanes that make up the display.  
Nachthymnen (From the Twilight Kingdom) is the second studio album release by Black metal band Abigor.  
The Valea Iancului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.  
He has performed for numerous TV and film sound tracks.  
Whispers is a 1993 domestic violence novel written by Belva Plain.  
Whilst the board is an independent body, it is responsible to the General Manager of Land and Property Information, currently Des Mooney (presently Chairman of the board); who reports to the Director General of the Department of Finance and Services, currently Michael Coutts-Trotter.  
The stadium is owned by FC Khimki.  
The portion extending from the first rib to the coracoid process is often whiter and denser than the rest, and is sometimes called the costocoracoid membrane.  
Brennan co-designed the Brennan-Schwartz interest rate model and was a pioneer of real options theory.  
One of the reasons why demographers use statistics about population change is because of the social and demographic transformations that the world experiences; significant challenges for the government and businesses will take effect depending on the degree of the population change.  
Recommendations to the Queen for the award of the Medal are made by a committee of eminent scholars and authors chaired by the Poet Laureate.  
Power plays Shannon Ross on the television sitcom Kim's Convenience.  
Geri's restaurants, at least in the early days, had little or no inside seating, and were geared towards fast take-out service.  
It is next door to the James K. Polk House and houses its visitors' center, a museum, and a gift shop.  
Selva is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero Province in Argentina.  
Notoxus monodon, the antlike flower beetle, is a species of monoceros beetle in the family Anthicidae.  
Besides Nkx2-2, Nkx2-2as may also regulate the expression of other genes.  
Salamandra finished in fourth place in the first round in 1995, and again failed to qualify for the final round.  
Erzurum Technical University aims to become a research hub in the region.  
Those Born With Wings is a solo album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released on the ECM label in 1987.  
Catholic World News (CWN) is an online independent news service founded in 1996 by Philip F. Lawler, formerly of The Heritage Foundation, providing news concerning the Roman Catholic Church.  
The Bolivian blackbird (Oreopsar bolivianus) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.  
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 5, 1970.  
Buddhism is the second-largest religion in Nepal.  
He is the President of Aiki Kai Australia and a member of the Senior Council of the International Aikido Federation.  
Brian Peter Reid (born 1972) is an entrepreneur that is credited with developing the first digital advertising mirror that is controlled remotely and has the ability to record and report the exact number and duration of consumer engagements in real time.  
When referring to woodwork or cabinet shops, pipe clamps are usually composed of commercially manufactured clamp heads or "jaws" and a length of common threaded pipe.  
It is common for a character to remain in the same class for its lifetime; although some games allow characters to change class, or attain multiple classes.  
The poem is composed of five books and a fragment of a sixth book.  
Susanne Maria "Sussie" Eriksson (born 2 January 1963) is a Swedish singer and actress.  
Taiwanese Canadians are Canadian citizens who originated from Canada and are of Taiwanese ancestry.  
Both companies are located in Rome, London and Brussels.  
She also painted the panels in the Franciscan church of Adam and Eve, on Merchant's Quay, Dublin.  
It does however sell regional advertising space in connection to the regional slots, but this revenue is not used for TV 2/Fyn, but for the national TV 2.  
The demand for ECD waxed mesh now hit a national level.  
Chamaetylas is a genus of small, mainly insectivorous birds in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae that are native to sub-Saharan Africa.  
The Virginia Gold Cup is held the first Saturday of May at Great Meadow in The Plains, Virginia, a field events center created and bequeathed by the Arundel Family in 1984.  
He played three first-class cricket matches for Victoria between 1956 and 1957.  
The LDS High School name was adopted in 1927.  
These techniques combine thousands of factors but are similar or identical.  
It states that a distribution of accelerated charges will radiate if and only if it has Fourier components synchronous with waves traveling at the speed of light.  
In the U.S., the EPA requires a data acquisition and handling system to collect and report the data.  
A limited updated and expanded edition was published in hardcover in 2015 by Decibel Books.  
The SNP campaigned widely in both the February 1974 UK General Election and subsequent October 1974 UK General Election using this slogan.  
Francisca Sanopal (born 1931) is a Filipino hurdler.  
The single was the last of his three number-one U.S. R&B hits and one of his final crossover singles, peaking at number eighteen on the Billboard Hot 100.  
He received his PhD from Loyola University Chicago and has produced scholarship with other notable civil-military relations scholars such as John Allen Williams and Sam C. Sarkesian.  
Several of the species exist in slightly different forms (or subspecies).  
Max's of Manila, popularly known as Max's Restaurant or simply Max's, is a Philippine-based restaurant which serves fried chicken and other Filipino dishes.  
Armando Coroneaux Isidoro (born 2 July 1985) is a Cuban international footballer who plays for the Cuba national football team.  
They added a full band and adopted the name The Hippy Nuts in 1996.  
The groupware suite is based on an advanced Application Programming Interface (API).  
It is the square of 200.  
An air door or air curtain is a device used to prevent air or contaminants from moving from one open space to another.  
The processes of egg taphonomy begin when the egg either hatches or dies.  
In September 2003, shortly before the 2004 election, the AEB merged with two likeminded parties, the Conservative Party and the Freedom Front, to form a new party known as the Freedom Front Plus (FF +), which went on to win 4 parliamentary seats.  
Trigeminal autonomic cephalalgia (TAC) is the name for a type of primary headache that occurs with pain on one side of the head in the trigeminal nerve area and symptoms in autonomic systems on the same side, such as eye watering and redness or drooping eyelids.  
Fisheries law is an emerging and specialized area of law.  
The exploratory Muphanephane gold mine is in the Matsiloje area.  
The story was first published in Strand Magazine in April 1892.  
The interior floor of Seyfert is relatively level, and is marked by a number of tiny craterlets.  
He was, until reconstitution in 2006, one of the UUP representatives on the Northern Ireland Policing Board.  
The election was won by Labor's Frank Donovan, with the party suffering a small swing against it from the 1986 state election.  
He is believed to be one of the few Western journalists to have embedded with the Taliban, an experience that forms part of the basis of No Good Men Among the Living.  
A similar approach is used with aquatic species.  
A constitutional referendum was held in French Cameroons on 13 October 1946 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum.  
Because the events of the plot take place during the Christmas season, it is a contemporary but little-remembered example of the Christmas film.  
The castle was built on the north bank of the river Aller above the flood plain.  
This class is based on the design of the Damen 1800 OPV vessel.  
Scientific researches on plant wealth are pursued through the following Divisions: 1.  
Around 1989, however, with his wife expecting a child, Huth decided to leave Primus to dedicate time to his family.  
Ringmaster is a 1998 American comedy film starring Jerry Springer playing (essentially) himself as Jerry Farrelly, host of a show similar to his own, in this case called simply Jerry.  
He succeeded Sun Bigan in 2009 as China's Special Envoy on the Middle East Issue.  
Eight percent of the total number of cells in culture undergo spontaneous apoptosis.  
File System Visualizer is also capable of manipulating the files and directories it shows.  
Chicago was also the champion of the Western Conference, Missouri was champion of the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association (MVIAA), and Colorado won the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference.  
After weeks of speculation, the orchestra ceased operations on December 11, 2014 due to massive budget shortfalls.  
It is considered a geoscience and a branch of mineralogy.  
The Fiat 850 (Tipo 100G) is a small rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive car manufactured and marketed by Italian car manufacturer Fiat from 1964 to 1973.  
It was the third cover of a Prince Buster song to be released by the group, following "Madness" and "One Step Beyond".  
In 1958, he was a candidate for the leadership of the Ontario Liberal Party, but received only 39 votes and dropped off after the first ballot at the party's leadership convention.  
Caitlin Doughty (born August 19, 1984) is an American mortician, author, blogger, and YouTube personality known for advocating death acceptance and the reform of Western funeral industry practices.  
The Lafarge Foot Avenir is a football competition contested by national youth teams (and club youth teams) in Limoges, France, and held annually since 2007.  
It was released on April 30, 2007 on the Cherry Red record label.  
The Ministry of Tribal Affairs is responsible for the welfare of scheduled tribes (ST).  
In 2003, they were purchased by Mandalay Entertainment in connection with Tom Hicks, former owner of the Texas Rangers and the Southwest Sports Group.  
Sulaimaniyah International Airport (IATA: ISU, ICAO: ORSU) is an airport 15 kilometers outside the city of Sulaimaniyah, in Iraqi Kurdistan.  
The Jubilee is a 1769 play by the British playwright and actor-manager David Garrick.  
Body Blows is an Amiga versus fighting game.  
Uhuru is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.  
He and fellow 2011 inductee Brian Lima of Samoa are the first members of the IRB Hall from nations outside of the traditional top tier of the sport.  
In 2012, Diageo moved production of the U.S. supply of Red Stripe from Jamaica to the U.S.; City Brewing Company is producing the supply in their Latrobe brewery.  
Most human hazard, precautionary statements, and human personal protective equipment statements are based upon the Toxicity Category of the pesticide product as sold or distributed.  
The initial lineup was short-lived and consisted of Jordan Egler (guitar, vocals).  
While tracing the various aspects of his creativity, the book provides the influences that shaped him and gives a kaleidoscopic view of his six-decade long artistic journey from Kerala, Mahe, Santiniketan, Slade School in England, and later in various cities of Europe and America.  
It has a broad scope, publishing on aspects of religious studies, philosophy, ancient languages, practical theology, sociology, and ethics.  
The Pascal-based GP100 chip was released on 20 June 2016, and the Volta-based GV100 chip was released on 21 June 2017.  
Boudica's Way is a waymarked long-distance footpath in East Anglia, England, United Kingdom.  
The Handley Page H.P.24 Hyderabad was a British twin-engine biplane heavy bomber built by Handley Page which served with the Royal Air Force between 1925 and 1933.  
Ten Palestinians, including three children and Reuters cameraman Fadel Shana'a, were killed by Israeli airstrikes on the Al Bureij refugee camp.  
A post office called Max was established in 1912, and remained in operation until 1954.  
It is traditionally attributed to Praxiteles and dated to the 4th century BC, based on a remark by the 2nd century Greek traveler Pausanias, and has made a major contribution to the definition of Praxitelean style.  
The Standards Board for Alternative Investments (SBAI), formerly known as the Hedge Fund Standards Board, is an international standard-setting body for the alternative investment industry and sets the voluntary standard of best practices and practices endorsed by its members.  
He has previously spent time as defensive backs coach for the Chicago Bears and San Diego Chargers.  
Shujin started training at 18 under renowned master Zhang Zhaodong, who he served until his death 1940.  
However, in December 2015 Payne rejoined the Doobies as a touring member, officially taking the position previously held by Allison.  
Myers Park is a narrow park in central Auckland, New Zealand, running parallel to the upper part of Queen Street.  
T11 athletes competed in the T12 marathon, against athletes with severe visual impairment (T12).  
On 1 August 2017, SnowWorld, Genting Bowl and Funtasy World Video Games Park within the plaza were also closed to make way for the development work of the new indoor theme park.  
Quinzanas is one of fifteen parishes (administrative divisions) in Pravia, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.  
Singles from 1987 to 1996, including two previously unedited live recordings are included in this 24-track album.  
Erwin Weitzl (born 17 July 1960) is an Austrian athlete.  
This relies, to a degree, on a series of disturbances changing the influences of groups so as to avoid institutional dominance and ensure competition.  
Darion Lamar Campbell, Jr. (born July 24, 1989) is a former American football safety.  
This series acts as a prequel to the video games.  
Brooks earned his Ph.D. at the University of Toledo.  
Its county seat is Hurley.  
It comprises 55 species and 5 natural hybrids.  
The legislature sat from November 24, 1977, to October 13, 1981.The Progressive Conservative Party led by Sterling Lyon formed the government.  
In 2005, full seasons of Aqua Kids began airing.  
The paper distributes 24,000 copies per week throughout the Halifax Regional Municipality.  
Formula One racing, paper and printing presses, medical technology, nano technology, stage and lifting technology, the aerospace sector and offshore gas and oil extraction.  
Stalag Luft IV was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp in Gross Tychow, Pomerania (now Tychowo, Poland).  
Oryza is a genus in the Poaceae family of plants, of which Oryza sativa (cultivated rice) is a member.  
Debra is a village, with a police station, in Debra CD Block in Kharagpur subdivision of Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.  
Maclean suffers from severe asthma attacks and works with Asthma UK Scotland to raise awareness.  
Rigby added the five o'clock co-news anchor with Jennifer Johnson.  
Swedish company Kinnevik is the largest owner with 32%.  
It returned to the UCI Europe Tour in 2017.  
It is taboo to look beyond the entrance.  
It has been hailed as the "Bible of Neuroscience" having been co-written by the "Father of Neuroscience", Eric Kandel.  
Individual states determine when and how frequent elections occur.  
The newspaper has been independent of the university since 1992, but maintains a commercial agreement with the Edinburgh University Students' Association.  
Kieran Goss is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with English National League 2 South team Chinnor.  
The picture shown is not the TCV core promoter, but an upstream hairpin that is also required for replication of the virus.  
From 2018 to 2021, he will serve as a visiting chair professor at Suzhou University and the president of the Institute of Advanced Study there, as part of the Thousand Talents Program in China.  
More skirmishing occurred the next day between Ridgefield and the coastline near Westport, Connecticut.  
AS9100 is a widely adopted and standardized quality management system for the aerospace industry.  
In Dungeons & Dragons, fantasy role-playing game, Arborea or more fully, the Olympian Glades of Arborea, is a chaotic good-aligned plane of existence.  
Pterolocera elizabetha is a moth of the Anthelidae family.  
Henley was launched on 3 April 1912 by the Fore River Shipbuilding Company, in Quincy, Massachusetts; sponsored by Miss Constance Henley Kane, great-grandniece or Robert Henley; and commissioned at Boston, Massachusetts, on 6 December 1912, with Lieutenant Commander W. L. Littlefield in command.  
The following season he was again on the sidelines after dislocating a shoulder and undergoing reconstructive surgery.  
The stele was erected by Bayanchur Khan of the Uyghur Khaganate in the middle of the eighth century (between 753 and 760 CE seems to be the best estimate).  
Chimeric genes (literally, made of parts from different sources) form through the combination of portions of two or more coding sequences to produce new genes.  
It was designed by architect Alfred Bossom and built in 1912-1913.  
Several species have been named since 2000: the type species X. suni along with the species X. bamaolinensis and X. kohi.  
The Drakoo wave energy converter is a technological device that uses the motion of ocean surface waves to generate electricity.  
The woods are also referenced by Jerome K. Jerome.  
It hosts undergraduate and graduate programs on a number of campuses.  
Gomez has represented England at every level and played every minute of every match when England won the 2014 UEFA European Under-17 Championship.  
Eifion "Jack" Davies is a Welsh former professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s and 1950s.  
Following another English release, the band released Diamond 15 (2004), which peaked at number 2 on the Oricon Albums Chart.  
An amateur scientist who earned his living as grocer, Connold had a very wide range of interests as evinced by his numerous contributions to The Hastings and East Sussex Naturalist.  
In 2015 Great Canadian Dollar Store was purchased by Kevin & Jane Kane of Quispamsis, NB.  
A wicket-keeper and lower-order batsman, Randall Lyon made his first-class debut for North Trinidad in the Texaco Cup in the 1973-74 season.  
It is run at Krefeld over a distance of 1,700 meters (1 mile and 99 yards), and it is scheduled to take place each year in November.  
This species is native to North America, where it is a widespread and common.  
Maximun length is 29mm.  
It is part of Great Hearts Academies.  
Additionally, the game is updated through downloaded patches.  
Since 16 October 2007 he has been Minister of the Interior of the state of Bavaria.  
Albion Mills was a steam-powered flour mill situated on the southeastern side of Blackfriars Bridge in northern Southwark, London, then in Surrey.  
Club Sport Brazi is a Romanian football club from Brazi, Prahova County founded in 1968 by the Brazi oil refinery.  
Spoke is the 1996 debut album of Calexico, an Americana/indie rock band from Arizona.  
Both governments insist on being the sole legitimate representative of all of China, for details of their UN membership, see China and the United Nations.  
The South African Communist Party (SACP) is a communist party in South Africa.  
Barilepis grisea is a species of flower weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae.  
He also served in the Pennsylvania Senate.  
He was the German under-21 champion in 1992 and 1993.  
Founded in 1970, it is part of the University of La Verne in the Inland Empire.  
In 2019, First Second is planning to publish a graphic novel by Dahm titled Island Book.  
The house, founded in 1860, produces both vintage and non-vintage cuvee.  
Because flexure bearings do not rely on sliding or rolling motions, they do not require lubrication.  
Race Owen (born July 12, 1975) is an American actor who plays Damian Wakefield on the MyNetworkTV limited-run serial American Heiress.  
The song was also released as a single in December 2001.Despite early claims that the song would appear on the next Offspring album at the time (which would become Splinter), it was never released on any of their albums save for their Greatest Hits compilation.  
Arkham City Lockdown was released in December.  
Both species have fleshy, oval leaves and form colonies which flower profusely after bushfires.  
It was the 21st Australian national series for Formula Fords.  
The Lin family murders were the 18 July 2009 killings in North Epping, New South Wales, Australia, of newsagency proprietor Min Lin; his wife Yun Lin; his sister-in-law Irene Lin; and their sons Henry and Terry.  
Strain is the third studio album by American industrial group, Flesh Field, which was released on November 8, 2004 on Metropolis Records.  
His h-index is 141.  
Sterling Gates (born March 1, 1981 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American comic book writer currently writing for the CW's The Flash.  
Following the backlash to these statements he stepped down as an active member of NormalBoots.  
The male lead for the duration of the show's last first three series appeared in 24 episodes of the drama, as well as in three Being Human novels.  
The album topped Billboard's charts in 1959.The album was recorded in mono.  
Secrets of Xen'drik is a supplement to the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.  
The cause was a hand grenade brought onto the plane by a Japanese gangster of the Yamaguchi-gumi.  
Her third directorial effort, 2006's Berbagi Suami, was controversial yet successful.  
Carpenter's Local #106 acquired the building in 1981 and used it for meetings and as a place to train apprentices.  
He was selected in the fourth round, 104th overall, by the Jets in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.  
While similar to both the Martingale and Labouchere strategies, "Due-column betting" differs from other like betting systems in that it accounts for the odds variance in successive parimutuel propositions.  
In the film, Kersey is once again forced to become a vigilante after his girlfriend's daughter dies of a drug overdose.  
The College was operationalized through a province- wide umbrella system where four vocational schools were integrated.  
His best event was the horizontal bar for which he medaled bronze at the 1988 Olympic Games and silver at the 1993 World Championships.  
The Jazz Theory Book is an influential work by Mark Levine, first published in 1995.  
The rural church, whose main building dates from 1858, is located near the present-day town of Atlanta in rural Jackson Township, Hamilton County, Indiana.  
Under the leadership of the current Chief Executive Gillian Guy Citizens Advice has expanded its remit taking on the contract for the Witness Service and the face-to-face advice element of Pension Wise.  
A complete facsimile edition of the psalter was made in 1875 (Lowe, 237), and another in 1984 (Graz).  
The Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum (REM) is devoted to Ancient Egypt, located at Rosicrucian Park in the Rose Garden neighborhood of San Jose, California, United States.  
S.H.E is a Taiwanese girl group that specializes in pop music, and consists of Selina Ren, Hebe Tian, and Ella Chen.  
After being delisted he nominated for the 1998 AFL Draft and was re-signed by Collingwood, but he would only play reserves matches.  
For informal events, men wear the Ethiopian dashiki.  
Rebecca Pogrow, a television writer who wrote for Freddy's Nightmares and Falcon Crest, and possibly also Dark Justice.  
Solariella intermissa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.  
Another standard (ISO/IEC 23001-1), known as Binary MPEG format for XML (BiM), has been standardized by the ISO in 2001.  
He is the only Filipino to advance into a semi-final in the 3000 m Steeplechase in an Olympic event during the 1988 Seoul Olympics.  
The Libella brand still exists, and also currently offers a cola product as well.  
As with most other geochronologic units, the rock beds that define the Mississippian are well identified, but the exact start and end dates are uncertain by a few million years.  
The ruling invalidated districts of the North Carolina General Assembly and led to more single-member districts in state legislatures.  
The calpain/calpastatin system is involved in numerous membrane fusion events, such as neural vesicle exocytosis and platelet and red-cell aggregation.  
The bulk of commuters are from the nearby suburbs of Craigneuk and Muirhouse, which it spans the border between.  
Separated by distance and speaking different languages, at present, they generally have little cultural affinity to each other.  
The 5-minute videos follow Froelich to destinations on every continent where she interviews local residents to learn about their unique culture.  
Over time, the band's lineup shifted from "pretty much a free-for-all" to a fairly steady five-member lineup.  
Turk actually purchased the original Stanford Bunny, and performed the initial scans on it.  
The station is in zone 2 on the Chestnut Hill East Line, on former Reading Railroad tracks, and is 9.3 track miles from Suburban Station.  
The flying river is a movement of large quantities of water vapor transported in the atmosphere from the Amazon Basin to other parts of South America.  
This is not the case with collaborative law where a breakdown in roundtable negotiations requires each party to instruct a new family lawyer before proceeding with court action.  
It has small, fuzzy gray leaves which are scoop-shaped due to their rolled edges.  
The 1861 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania was held on January 8, 1861.  
It features bunches of nasal mucus and their adventures.  
This plant occurs in openings in Florida scrub vegetation.  
Only in 1918 the current institutionalized as a party and took the new name - the German Revolution had taken away censorship and repression.  
California was incorporated into the United States of America in 1850.  
Kuffour appeared with the Ghanaian national team in the 2006 World Cup, as well as in four Africa Cup of Nations.  
Roy Kerr, aka the Freelance Hellraiser, is one of the creators of the UK bootleg (mashup) scene.  
It has pronounced black eyes, white abdomen, and orange "bib" which set it apart from its cousin the Virginia tiger moth.  
Despite being a ligament, it has sufficient vascularization that cutting it during surgery can lead to bleeding complications.  
Xoes egeria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Xoes.  
Both consuls, Servilius and his colleague Aulus Verginius, remained in Rome to deal with the threat.  
This allowed the UDP to choose works to publish under its imprint and control, while the AUP takes charge of production and distribution.  
His second single and the first of his first studio album "Der Kommissar" peaked at number one on the German and Austrian Singlecharts.  
When published in 1925, The Man Nobody Knows topped the nonfiction bestseller list, and was one of the best-selling non-fiction books of the 20th century.  
It is one of the most invasive weeds known, having spread out to a world-wide distribution in tropical and temperate regions.  
As of 2014 there were only 4.9 full-time equivalent posts and the only court they sit in was the Justice of the Peace Court in Glasgow.  
By early January, the five states of Darfur were free of any new cases.  
The original actor cast in the Tarzan role was fired (or quit) early in production, resulting in the sudden casting of his stunt double, Miles O'Keeffe, in the title role.  
KGGF-FM (104.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format.  
This is a list of 742 species in Mycetophila, a genus of fungus gnats in the family Mycetophilidae.  
He also raised funds through the Boston Marathon for Children's Hospital and Habitat for Humanity, Greater Boston.  
Justicia irwinii is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.  
In 1991 the Observer was bought by New Times Media.  
A live version of the song appears on the album Rush in Rio released in 2003.  
Kinect Sports is a sports video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360.  
Such a non-sustaining population, or the individuals within it, are said to be adventive.  
Universia network represents 10.1 million students, 8 million users and 850,000 university teaching staff (75% of the total number of students and staff in these countries); the network is sponsored by Santander Bank.  
Norman "Keith" Boardman AO, FRS (born 16 August 1926 Geelong, Victoria) is an Australia biochemist.  
Donald J. Stoker is an American military historian.  
Before the separate federal Department of Education was created in 1979, it was called the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW).  
Ole Evenrud (born November 17, 1962) is a Norwegian pop artist and teenpop producer.  
Iduno Santoni (born November 28, 1968) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1990s.  
Ahmuvan has been suggested as the name of an Indus Valley Civilization deity.  
Other church memorials still utter the names of the Shoenbergers, the Probascos, the Resors, the Neaves and the Bowlers.  
The band was more about cooking food than making music.  
Jeffery Donaldson is a Canadian poet and critic.  
Aeropuerto "Juan Casiano Solis" de Guapi, is an airport serving Guapi, a municipality in the Cauca Department of Colombia.  
Cyclopropylacetylene is used as an important reagent to synthesize pharmaceuticals and other organic compounds.  
Empson took maternity leave in October 2013 and after appearing several times during her break via webcam, Kim returned to Albert Square on 30 December 2014.Kim is described as "viscous and bubbly" on the outside, but hiding vulnerability and low self-esteem.  
His 2007 anthology "Eight Dogs Named Jack" was published by Momentum Books.  
Graham Lawlor (born 3 May 1979) is an Irish football coach and former player and is under-19 team manager at Bohemians.  
In 2004, he was awarded the Kerala State Film Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performances in Sasneham Sumitra and Choonda.  
Some of the latest productions of the team include two songs for U.K. X-Factor-winner Alexandra Burke, "Dangerous" and "Bury Me (6 Feet Under)", as well as Michael Jackson's "I Want You Back" (ELEMENT Remix), and a remix of Michael Jackson's "Skywriter" (Stargate Remix) which they produced together with Stargate, the latter two featured on the 2009 remix album "The Remix Suite".  
The venue was built in 1928 and was used as an entertainment venue throughout the first half of the twentieth century.  
He is the current Assistant Manager of Sheffield Wednesday Football Club.  
The 2017 Charlotte mayoral election took place on Tuesday, November 7, 2017.  
The American Domestic Show Flight is a breed of fancy pigeon developed over many years of selective breeding.  
The novel is an unintended sequel to Drabble's 1987 novel The Radiant Way, follows the lives of the three protagonist women first introduced in that novel.  
Nance was appointed an Additional Officer of the Order of the British Empire, Military Division, in June 1991, for his service as Commander aboard the destroyer HMS Cardiff in the first Gulf War.  
The coalfield was at the forefront of innovation in coal mining, prompting the country's first canals, use of steam engines and creating conditions favorable for rapid industrialisation.  
In 1889 Southern States Land and Lumber Company bought the founding company.  
She was acclaimed as one of "America's Best Young Novelists" in 1995.  
This article presents the main landmarks in the City of Paris within its administrative limits divided by the 20 Arrondissements of Paris, (Administrative Units).  
The Octagon is predominantly a pedestrian reserve, with grass and paved features, and is surmounted by a statue of the Scottish poet Robert Burns.  
The album was released in September 1992.  
Generally, it refers to the field in psychology and education that is devoted to testing, measurement, assessment, and related activities.  
Depending on the severity of the jaw's dislocation, pain relief such as paracetamol may assist to alleviate the initial chronic pain.  
The French ironclad Guyenne was one of 10 Provence-class ironclads built for the French Navy during the 1860s.  
The band's sound is typically loud and aggressive, though the group cites composers Philip Glass and Sun Ra as compositional influences.  
Prior to 2016 it was run over 2 miles and 7 furlongs.  
Terminal is the third full-length album by the Norwegian band Ancestral Legacy, released under Norwegian record label Whispering Voice Records on September 29, 2014.  
The stories were discovered by Charles D. Cohen, a Massachusetts dentist and a Seuss scholar and biographer, who also contributed an introduction to the collection.  
This can be a means of furthering Acquisition Reform Strategies, such as Use of Performance Based Requirements, Use of Commercial Practices, and Reduced Cost of Ownership.  
After years of high inflation, in 1749 Massachusetts withdrew its paper money from circulation and returned to specie.  
It is named for Thomas J. Hatem, whose long involvement in Harford County politics (as a Democrat) includes one term in the Maryland House of Delegates, a long stint as a county commissioner, service as state insurance commissioner and six years on the Public Service Commission.  
C. suis is associated with conjunctivitis, enteritis and pneumonia in swine (Rogers & Andersen, 1996; Rogers et al., 1996).  
Its main base was Sharjah International Airport, with hubs at Bishkek airport (FRU) and Jinnah International Airport (KHI), Karachi.  
Brian L. Roberts (born June 28, 1959) is an American businessman who currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Comcast Corporation, an American company providing cable, entertainment, and communications products and services.  
The film features Anand Babu and Shamili in lead roles, with Udhayan, newcomer Subisha, Dharani, Uday Prakash, Senthil, Chinni Jayanth and Vivek playing supporting roles.  
Modern damped moving iron mechanisms can provide respectable sound quality, and are used in headphones.  
The community is named after early land owner Fred S. Tryon.  
It attracts some of the highest-quality touring productions in the country, as well as many shows direct from, or prior to, seasons in the West End.  
Archeria racemosa is a species of shrub in the heath family (Ericaceae).  
However, in practical usage it often refers to the traditional practices developed within specific ethnic cultures, especially those aspects of culture that have been practiced since ancient times.  
In the sky it appears close to Gamma Corvi and can be seen in the same binocular field.  
Chitinispirillum is a genus of bacteria from the family of Chitinispirillaceae with one known species (Chitinispirillum alkaliphilum).  
The Royal Government of Bhutan hires about two-thirds of the Sherubtse graduates while the remainder have to find work in the private sector or working for non-governmental organizations (NGOs).  
The mine has the form of a linear mine, much contorted in the later stages and becoming blotch like through the confluence of the convolutions.  
The pads were attached to a horse collar at its upper end, right below where the two arms of the collar are buckled together.  
There is access from a road between Bockmer End and Lower Woodend.  
De Avonturen van Pietje Bell is a 1964 Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.  
She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 27.84 seconds in 47th place in the heats.  
Heiner Friedrich (born April 14, 1938 in Stettin) is an important art dealer and art collector of minimal art and conceptual art.  
In general, the preferred posture is largely a cultural decision.  
As of 2017, MovilCash replenishment lanes are not currently available on PR-22 and PR-5.  
Kaehler is a graduate of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons (1991) with an MS in Physical Therapy.  
Pablo Simeon Ishmael Mills (born 27 May 1984) is an English footballer.  
Several geographical forms with variations in color are noted within the wide distribution range extending from India in the west to Japan in the east.  
Life of Gabriel of Qartmin is a Syriac 8th-century manuscript containing the life of Mor Gabriel, Bishop of Tur Abdin, which helps to provides a glimpse into the events in the Middle East during the 7th century.  
While there was widespread suspicion that the South African government was involved in the crash, no conclusive evidence has emerged.  
The New York State Police Troop C scandal involved the fabrication of evidence by members of the New York State Police, which was used to convict suspects in Central New York.  
Portrait in Jazz is an album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1960.  
Airclic is a web-based software and mobile information services company founded in 2000.  
They released two albums, Sojourn and Escaping Entropy.  
Stockdale in 2007 won the Nantes Grand Prix and Bordeaux Grand Prix with Corlato on consecutive weekends, as well as placing fifth in the CN International "Million Dollar" Grand Prix.  
Splines are ridges or teeth on a drive shaft that mesh with grooves in a mating piece and transfer torque to it, maintaining the angular correspondence between them.  
The southern part of the road continues as Hospital Road, extending into the New Terminal of Bhubaneswar Airport.  
A feral parrot is a parrot that has adapted to life in an ecosystem to which it is not native.  
Always updates the story for a 1989 setting, exchanging the World War II backdrop to one of aerial firefighting.  
Members included: Aaron Arseneau (bass), Josh Boley (drums), Mark McLennan (guitar) and Ryder Thalheimer (vocals).  
The Galbraith plot is then a scatter plot of each z-statistic (vertical axis) against 1/SE (horizontal axis).  
After formation of the tube, the brain forms into three sections; the hindbrain, the midbrain, and the forebrain.  
Ben Faulks is an actor and writer from Cornwall, best known for his role as Mr Bloom in the CBeebies children's television show Mr Bloom's Nursery.  
The Buddha Statue of Hyderabad is a monolith located in India.  
Amsterdam, one of Europe's capitals, has many attractions for visitors.  
The 190s decade ran from January 1, 190, to December 31, 199.  
The song was later certified Platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).  
In 1995 APRN turned over the program to Kohanic Broadcast Corporation, and syndication began shortly thereafter, with programs distributed by the Public Radio satellite system.  
The Pactum Lotharii is an agreement signed on February 23, 840 between Republic of Venice and the Carolingian Empire, during the respective governments of Pietro Tradonico and Lothair I.This document was one of the first acts to testify to the separation between the nascent Republic of Venice and the Byzantine Empire: for the first time the Doge, on its own initiative, undertook agreements with the Western world.  
As one of Australia's longest-running art prizes, it was established in 1897 from the bequest of Richard Wynne.  
A sexless marriage, on the other hand, may have begun with the standard expectations.  
He was defeated by Benoit Cyr when he ran for reelection in 1999.  
The 1974 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 1974 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina.  
This can cause problems because many of the other types of prefabricated housing are listed as Defective Housing and potential buyers can not obtain mortgages.  
Howard Johnson is an electrical engineer, known for his consulting work and commonly referenced books on the topic of signal integrity, especially for high speed electronic circuit design.  
Stemloc implements constrained versions of the Sankoff algorithms for simultaneous structure prediction and sequence alignment of multiple RNAs.  
Royal Oak Music Theater is a music venue located at 318 W. Fourth Street, Royal Oak, Michigan.  
It replaced WWE's previous syndicated highlight show, LiveWire.  
Everybody's in Show-Biz, which was released on 25 August 1972, in the US and on 1 September in the UK.  
The Minister for Community Relations was a member of the Cabinet in the Parliament of Northern Ireland which governed Northern Ireland from 1922 to 1972.  
The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Alfred P. Sloan Feature Film Prize, and subsequently screened at such festivals as South by Southwest and the Maryland Film Festival.  
The album debuted at number 26 on the Billboard 200 and received universal acclaim from critics upon its release, appearing on and topping numerous end-of-year lists of the best albums.  
In the electrical wiring of buildings, a cable tray system is used to support insulated electrical cables used for power distribution, control, and communication.  
The "moto career" Moto Guzzi all had an advantage in that their cargo sat behind the driver.  
Delft jewelry has been made in the Netherlands since c.1879.  
Shaanxi Diesel exports their products to more than 20 countries.  
The Visonic Group (TASE:VSC.TA) was established in 1973 by Moshe and Yaacov Kotlicki.  
Gisilia sclerodes is a moth in the Cosmopterigidae family.  
Before then, she was a backing vocalist and keyboard player for Goodbye Mr Mackenzie from 1981 to 1992.  
From 2006 to 2013 he was director of the all-news channel RaiNews 24.  
The course is ranked as the fifth best golf course in the county by the website Top 100 Golf Courses.  
Demandatam coelitus humilitati nostrae is an apostolic constitution promulgated by Pope Benedict XIV on December 24, 1743, about the Melkite Greek Catholic Church.  
The table below shows the 2007 ATP Masters Series schedule.  
The wartime RAF fighter ace Group Captain Adolph Malan became the president of the 'Torch Commando'.  
English footballer who plays for Belper Town.  
This was the first title ever for Hong Kong.  
The episode satirized Jewish stereotypes and originally aired on July 28, 1999.  
It was fought between the Athenians and the Boeotians, who were allies of the Spartans, and ended with the siege of Delium in the following weeks.  
There are several major societies and associations within the classical Christian education movement, including the Society for Classical Learning, the Association of Classical and Christian Schools, Trinity Schools, and the CiRCE Institute.  
Gorgonians are sessile colonial cnidarians found throughout the oceans of the world, especially in the tropics and subtropics.  
The two leaders were John Mason, an alleged murderer, and Tom McCauley, a California Gold Rush criminal using the alias Jim Henry.  
Tytthaspis are a genus of ladybird beetles.  
Battal is a town which is owned by the KHAN family and a union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.  
It was then reverse printed in 35mm film (reverse telecine) to be released in cinemas.  
Allyson Aires dos Santos (born 23 October 1990), commonly known as Allyson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Maccabi Haifa.  
Cricket was played at both club and county level equally through the next hundred years, and it was only in the 1870s that county cricket started to be played frequently and regularly: in 1870 there were 22 regular fixtures, while ten years later there were 188.The title of "Champion County" was awarded intermittently and unreliably from 1826, with no team other than Kent, Surrey or Sussex being named champions until 1852.  
The university received its Royal Charter in 1966, making it the 40th university to be created in Britain, but its origins date back to the early 19th century.  
Luton Bute Street railway station was the first to be built in Luton, England.  
Her first release in over three years, Gabrielle reteamed with longtime collaborators Julian Gallagher and The Boilerhouse Boys to work on the album.  
She is a graduate of Tokyo Women's College and University of Southern California.  
A series of 9 initial "6-packs" including some of the songs from the album had been announced for 2011.  
Honored Artist of Armenia is an award given by the Republic of Armenia.  
It is a common part of a woman's court dress, formal evening gowns or wedding dresses.  
By 2001, Solid Base released the album Party Totale! in Germany.  
He competed in the men's 100 meter freestyle event at the 1928 Summer Olympics.  
From the 12th century until 1839, both before and after the Reformation, it was the seat of the former Archdiocese of Tuam.  
Indian classical music is a genre of South Asian music.  
Pierre Medor and Dwayne Nesmith Pierre and Dwayne, aka production team The Corna Boyz, met at the Hartt School of Music at the University of Connecticut in 1999.  
Terra 2001 is the second album of The Brilliant Green released on September 8, 1999.  
The sixth season of the reality television series Basketball Wives aired on VH1 from April 17, 2017 until August 14, 2017.  
Kurtus is a genus of perciform fishes, called the nurseryfishes, forehead brooders, or incubator fish, native to fresh, brackish and coastal marine waters ranging from India, through southeast Asia to New Guinea and northern Australia.  
They are also known to interact with laminin, fibronectin, tenascin, and collagen.  
He relinquished membership of the board in late 2011 when he was named coach of the NSW Cup team.  
Calana District is one of ten districts of Tacna Province in Peru.  
He is not interested in ideology or politics.  
She was a 1966 foal, and her sire was Jim Harlan and her dam was a Waggoner Ranch mare named Miss Paulo 45.  
The influential show helped to launch the careers of numerous hip hop artists, particularly those along the East Coast.  
He was Archdeacon of Waterford from 1831 until his resignation in 1845, after which he was the Rector of Abington.  
Iodolactonization (or, more generally, Halolactonization) is an organic reaction that forms a ring (the lactone) by the addition of an oxygen and iodine across a carbon-carbon double bond.  
He is an expert in geodesics and cartography.  
Katharine A. Morey was an American Suffragist, Silent Sentinel, officer Massachusetts State Branch of the National Woman's Party, and a member of the NWP Advisory Council.  
Stores may have a deli counter, a meat department, a produce section, a flower department, a bakery, a pharmacy, a liquor section, and/or many aisles of nonperishable items.  
Nude beaches tend to be separate or isolated physically from non-nude bathing areas.  
The 2004 Danish Cup Final was the final and deciding match of the Danish Cup 2003-04.  
Wanzi (Wandji) is a Bantu language spoken in Gabon.  
These wins foreshadowed the end of the European dominance of professional cycle racing.  
Quaker service work is rooted in the daily practice of pacifism, integrity, truthfulness, equality, community, simplicity and, above all, love both in the objectives of our work and in the discernment with which we plan and deliver our work.  
Many of the AMTSO Feature Settings Checks are based on the EICAR test string.  
The NBR 141 Class consisted of two steam locomotives of the 2-4-0 wheel arrangement built by the North British Railway (NBR) in 1869.  
He also practices law in Clarksdale at the firm Johnson Bobo.  
Murillo has made 28 appearances for the Colombia national football team, including two matches at the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup.  
The accordion effect generally decreases the throughput of the system in which it occurs.  
His biography of Walt Whitman was a finalist for the Los Angeles Book Prize in 2000.  
AAP was the ultimate development of a number of official and unofficial Apollo follow-on projects studied at various NASA labs.  
The Electoral district of Murray Valley was an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly.  
The festival is held in Ruatoki biannually.  
Alvania harrietae is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.  
John Henry Mills (born October 31, 1969 in Jacksonville, Florida) was an American football running back, linebacker and tight end in the NFL for the Houston Oilers, Oakland Raiders and the Minnesota Vikings.  
Peter Sirch (born December 30, 1961) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.  
Since October 2010 he is ambassador in Cairo and Representative to the Arab League.  
From Russia with Love is the last James Bond video game by Electronic Arts marketed before they lost the rights to Activision in 2006.  
Since 2012 the hotel houses the Michelin-starred restaurant Bord'Eau Restaurant Gastronomique.  
Bennett was a Collegians footballer, who spent most of his time with Hawthorn in the reserves, due to the strength of the senior team.  
The year 1689 in science and technology involved some significant events.  
Both nave and aisles are embattled.  
Formin-like protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FMNL2 gene.  
Arrupe Jesuit High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Denver, Colorado, United States.  
A century in cricket occurs when a batsman scores 100 runs or more in an innings, 72 New Zealand players have scored centuries in Test matches.  
It was founded in the 20th century by Rabbi Arele (Aharon) Roth.  
Wand vibrators can be used for massage.  
She accepted and performed for the first time together with her mother, the legendary Cuban singer Elena Burke.  
However, it filed for bankruptcy in 2018 leaving its Chinese investors in the lurch.  
Also, the former senatorial districts were not used; instead voting was done nationwide as one at-large district.  
The verses of alvars are compiled as Nalayira Divya Prabandham and the 108 temples revered are classified as Divya desam.  
To a large extent a vehicle for authors associated with the Royal Institution, it was taken over by the Institution in 1830, and then appeared as the Journal of the Royal Institution, to 1832.In 1864 William Crookes started the Quarterly Journal of Science with James Samuelson.  
The 37th Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony was held on November 25, 2016 at Kyung Hee University's Peace Palace Hall in Seoul.  
That is, the light we do see almost always seems to be set against darkness, or occasionally against white, these momentary flickers that materialize tenuously out of emptiness.  
Joan Morris, (born February 10, 1943) is a mezzo-soprano.  
The Siege of Rome by Porsena, 1529, and Caesar conquering the town Alesia in Gaul, 1533.  
It is one of 2 dioceses in the province of Bohol and is part of the ecclesiastical province of the Archdiocese of Cebu.  
The single was later released on Smith's 1969 album entitled The Best of Connie Smith, Vol. 2, her second compilation album.  
Ali Rahma Al Marri (born 27 December 1983) is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al-Wakrah as a midfielder.  
The meter of the poem is dactylic hexameter, the meter of epic poetry, such as Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid.  
Jack Peart has the longest continuous tenure as manager, serving for 7 years, 5 months and 30 days in the 1920s.  
Dr. Bradford conducted the ensembles in a concert tour of Israel which culminated in a studio recording of the John Rutter "Requiem."  
Recurring examples include the "Blue Book", or the annual Guide to Queens every January, Best of Queens, Arts & Culture, Gay Pride, and Community Characters editions.  
The Provincial Assembly of Balochistan is one of the four provincial assemblies of Pakistan.  
The follow-up was the title song, "Guitars, Cadillacs" at No. 4.  
The ACTL7A gene is expressed in a wide variety of adult tissues, however, its exact function is not known.  
In 1965, the union renamed itself as the Scottish Metal Workers' Union, in the hope of attracting a wider membership, but this did not succeed, and instead in 1968 it merged into the General and Municipal Workers' Union.  
The film had its world premiere at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival.  
The Botanical Garden has two separate sites: one in Kaisaniemi and one in Kumpula.  
The ecological humanities are characterized by a connectivity ontology and a commitment to two fundamental axioms relating to the need to submit to ecological laws and to see humanity as part of a larger living system.  
It is a member organization of EUFAMI, the European Federation of Families of People with Mental Illness.  
Inhabitants of Outriaz are called Triolins.  
So it is an acceptance that Israel has a right to exist, just as they would have a right to their homeland, and have a right to exist.  
Kavungo is a town and commune of Angola, located in the province of Moxico.  
He was clearly friendly with the British, since he is on record as one of the honored guests at the inauguration of St. Thomas' Cathedral on Christmas Day, 1718.  
Ritmo a todo color is a 1980 Argentine film.  
Polisbet is a town located in the local government area of the Rural City of Swan Hill, Victoria, Australia.  
Marquette won the men's division while Alabama won the women's Island Division and Michigan won the women's Reef Division.  
The higher areas are generally very dry and are characterized by stunted vegetation, for example dry, lean grassland with thorn bushes.  
The GBC 111 Velobind machine has been discontinued for many years and the supplies for this binding style are becoming difficult to find.  
There are large efforts being made to make innovative mobile ICT services work.  
Bessus, also known as Artaxerxes V (died summer 329 BC), was a prominent Persian Satrap of Bactria in Persia, and later self-proclaimed King of Kings of Persia.  
It was based in Derby, Connecticut.  
There was a total of 532 participants from 52 countries competing.  
David Rabeeya (born May 12, 1938) is an Israeli and American author and professor of Hebrew and Judaic Studies.  
The film stars Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla and Jackie Shroff.  
In 2009, Extraordinary Machine was named the 49th best album of the 2000s by Rolling Stone magazine.  
It is threatened by deforestation, which is believed to damage roosting sites in old growth forests.  
Northwest Dallas is an area consisting of many communities and neighborhoods in Dallas, Texas, (USA).  
ATF's other functions, dealing with tax collection and regulation of legitimate trade, remained within the Treasury Department and became part of the new TTB.  
Eneco Tour was the fifth edition of the Eneco Tour cycling stage race.  
Most of the works discovered are associated with the Epicurean philosopher and poet Philodemus of Gadara.  
The advantage of the gold reflection layer is its increased resistance to corrosion, in contrast to the ordinary aluminum layer found on normal compact disks.  
The Pavilion is the second largest shopping center located in Durban and one of the largest in South Africa.  
This is a list of years in Turkey.  
He is an ethnic Afrikaner from Ghanzi, which has historically had a large Boer population.  
Anthropology Workshop (JAWS) developed out of a "growing international interest in the anthropology of Japan," and the first conference was organized in Oxford in March 1984.  
It was released on October 25, 2011 after a long period of silence from both publishers and after being delayed indefinitely in March 2011.It was announced by Spellbound and JoWooD on December 9, 2010.  
He later moved to the Chicago Wolves as coach in 1994 and has remained with the organization ever since.  
The park along with Mount Morrison Civilian Conservation Corps Camp were added to the National Historic Landmarks program in 2015.  
"Lice" received mixed reviews from television critics; many reviewers enjoyed the emphasis the episode placed on Flannery's character, although others felt the story did not work.  
Sintagma was a Costa Rican rock band, well established known in their country for singles as Estelar, Visiones and for their intense live shows as Costa Rica's Rock Fest from 2001.  
In 2007 the district was rated "excellent" by the Ohio Department of Education, the highest rating, for the eighth consecutive year.  
Christiane Gohl (born 1958) is a German author who uses the pen names Ricarda Jordan, Sarah Lark and Elisabeth Rotenberg.  
Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1935 American drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Charles Laughton and Clark Gable, based on the Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall novel Mutiny on the Bounty.  
The Mark 13 guided missile launching system (GMLS) is a single-arm missile launcher designed for use on frigates and other military vessels.  
This list of schools of pharmacy in the United Kingdom includes all thirty RPSGB or PSNI registered MPharm degree-issuing schools of pharmacy in the United Kingdom.  
See European Parliament election, 1981 (Greece) for election results.  
She has acted in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and Hindi language films.  
Mark Flanagan is a British chef, known to be the personal chef of The Queen and head chef of the Royal Household.  
The vocational rehabilitation program is to include a non-profit store with the express purpose of hiring the most veterans possible while the additional housing units will increase the center's capacity for veterans to rehabilitate.  
The KNCB is associated with the International Cricket Council (ICC).  
The opposition New Democratic Party (formerly the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation) had small losses both in popular vote and number of seats.  
It was produced and shown on television in the United States.  
Subsequently, Murphy is transformed into the cyborg entity RoboCop by the megacorporation Omni Consumer Products (OCP).  
He is the former head coach of the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League from 1994 to 2001, and led the Wings to four Championships.  
They are often held on the flight deck or in a large hangar bay for carriers, much like a day at the beach with volleyball and other sporting events.  
The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet funds the ferry as a free service.  
Seawind Barclay Curle is a British shipbuilding company.  
The league is the largest amateur league in Australia and consists of seven senior divisions (with each club in the first 3 divisions fielding 3 teams, and all clubs fielding 2).  
The lyrics deal with contemplative themes, albeit seen in a more positive manner compared to the band's earlier work.  
Prevention is generally with the Japanese encephalitis vaccine, which is both safe and effective.  
His candidacy was formally announced on November 8, 2012 through an email to his supporters.  
The film was directed by Anthony Mandler and is over 10 minutes long.  
Newtown Friends has two sections of sixteen to eighteen students at every grade level, except prekindergarten, which is one section of fourteen to sixteen students.  
Cadlina dubia is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.  
On 24 February 2018, she was elected leader of the Feminist Initiative, along with its founder Gudrun Schyman.  
This Is M.E. is the thirteenth studio album by American rock/pop musician Melissa Etheridge, released on September 30, 2014 by Etheridge's own label ME Records, which is distributed by Primary Wave Records.  
Made of Metal is the fourth studio album by the heavy metal band Halford, the solo project of the Judas Priest frontman Rob Halford.  
The act provides for measures to simplify the registration and deregistration of driving instructors from the Approved Driving Instructor register.  
The album has 14 songs and it closes with two live tracks, one of them being a cover song, that fit the studio tracks quite well and re-enforce the theatrical atmosphere even more.  
Taissy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.  
Transcripts of The Great Philosophers such as Nimish gahlot ( greatest of all time) are available in published form in a book of the same name.  
Anglicanism portal St. Dunstan's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church in San Diego, California.  
Psycho peaked at #73 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1960.  
It is a distinct entity from the more common colorectal cancer.  
The Glenelg River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.  
The 2015 Wolverhampton City Council election took place on 7 May 2015, to elect members of Wolverhampton City Council in England.  
Sava Commission has been established for purpose of the implementation of the Framework Agreement on the Sava River Basin (FASRB), namely the provision of cooperation of the Parties to the FASRB, for realization of the following goals: establishment of an international regime of navigation on the Sava River, establishment of sustainable water management and undertaking of measures to prevent or limit hazards.  
The file could actually be opened (or re-opened) with a different definition allowing integers, characters, and floating point numbers to be stored in the same file.  
LeRoy Gardner III (born February 4, 1981 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) was an American amateur wrestler.  
Ludacris went on to be nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.  
Her other notable film roles include playing Grandmother Topouzoglou in Elia Kazan's 1963 movie America, America (nominated for the Oscar for Best Picture), the role of Cla-Cla in Mel Ferrer's 1959 film Green Mansions, the mother of Ruby Dee in Edge of the City (1957), and Catherine in Robert Mulligan's 1965 movie Baby the Rain Must Fall.  
Kline served four months of a six-month sentence in a prison in Allenwood, Pennsylvania, for conspiracy to obstruct justice, and was frequently held with Watergate witnesses at Fort Holabird for interrogations to provide testimony.  
In this one they visit a preserve for dragons, wyrmroost, strange changes are wrought in Seth, and the society go farther than they ever have.  
Beehler is remembered as being the backbone of Exciter, which had been a forerunner of speed and thrash metal ever since its debut album, Heavy Metal Maniac, which was released some months before Metallica's Kill 'Em All.  
The 161st Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Army and the Washington Army National Guard.  
The site contains two species of plant which are nationally rare in Great Britain, Nit-grass (Gastridium ventricosum) and Rough Marsh-mallow (Althaea hirsuta).  
David Sosnowski (born 1959 in Taylor, Michigan) is an American novelist and short story writer.  
Its transmitter tower is off Five Mile Line Road in Penfield.  
Richard A. Murphy (born 1944) is an American neuroscientist who built his career in administrative leadership positions for research institutions.  
Newfoundland, as a British colony and dominion, held 29 general elections for its 28 Newfoundland House of Assemblies.  
It has been listed as an official national monument since December 2, 2010.  
"Gorgeous" received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who generally praised the intricacy of the production, the quality of the guest features and the rock music inspired esthetic of the song.  
The club is based at the Harold Stevens Athletics Track.  
The exact function of the gene is poorly understood, but the polysaccharide biosynthesis domain that spans a major portion of the protein product (known as UPF0368), as well as the yeast homolog, YPL225, offer insights into its possible function.  
Drafted by the Philadelphia Atoms of the North American Soccer League in 1976, Cryder elected instead to play for the Tacoma Tides of the American Soccer League.  
The whole building will close in July 2019 and courses will move elsewhere.  
From 2002 the editors adapted it into a bimonthly journal.  
Habronattus texanus is a species of jumping spider in the family Salticidae.  
It was released by Atco Records in 1982.  
Following full recognition by NMC, KMCTH is also listed in the International Medical Education Directory (IMED).  
Since the mid-2010s, the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have considered white supremacist violence to be the leading threat of domestic terrorism in the United States.  
These teams competed in the 2015 UCI World Tour.  
For more detail & team line-outs see separate entry for 1941 Senior Camogie Championship.  
Flight to Romance is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero, released in 1956, under contract with RCA Victor.  
Ultimately, his goal is to develop a set of physical laws that govern climate.  
The Argentine reasoning was that if the British military felt vulnerable in Europe, they would decide to keep some vessels in European waters rather than send them to the Falklands.  
She was appointed to that court by president Yoweri Museveni, on 14 March 2011.  
Yanling County is a county of Henan, China.  
Muirfield had hosted the Open Championship the previous year, won by American Lee Trevino.  
It is their biggest selling single, reaching number one on the Hot 100, and in 1997, the song won a Grammy for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.  
The college hosts two major sporting events each year, namely the Old Petrian's Open Girls Water Polo Tournament in February where 24 of the top girls' water polo teams from Southern African schools compete; and the Annual Sports and Cultural Festival in September which attracts over 3,500 school children to participate in various sporting and cultural codes.  
Kresh, also known as Kresh-Ndogo and Gbaya-Ndogo, is a Central Sudanic language of South Sudan and the prestige variety of the Kresh languages.  
Like many other docks, it can also be customized with skins and icons from other docks.  
Their most prominent and well-known sound is described as symphonic metal, although their earlier material, such as debut album Enter, was mostly gothic metal.  
Masushio attended the University of California, Berkeley where he earned a BA and New York University where he earned an MFA.Masushio has exhibited internationally and participated in an artist residency at Denniston Hill in Glen Wild, NY.  
It premiered as a Sci Fi Pictures TV-movie on the Sci Fi Channel on November 16, 2002.  
It is one of the best places to visit near Pune, specially during monsoon.  
Coal comes next with 29.2%, followed by natural gas (indigenous and liquefied) with 12.2%, nuclear energy with 8.3%, biomass and waste with 1.2%, and energy from other renewable sources with 0.5%.  
She has also played for Zhytlobud-1 Kharkiv and Energiya Voronezh.  
Rape pornography is a subgenre of pornography involving the description or depiction of rape.  
Leaveism (leavism) is a term first coined in 2013 by Dr Ian Hesketh, a researcher at Lancaster University Management School in the UK, to describe the phenomena of employees using flexitime, annual leave, rest days and other leave entitlement schemes to have time off when they are in fact too unwell to go to work.  
The Weyns's weaver (Ploceus weynsi) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.  
It is dedicated to the study of the works and creatures of God.  
He studied Judo, Aikido, Ju Jitsu and has formulated his own style called Nagasu Do.  
However, there are also a few fantasy scenarios including the stopping of an alien invasion, and surviving after a nuclear apocalypse.  
She also runs Save The Children India, an NGO set up by her late mother Vipula Kadri, in 1988.  
The song reached number one on the US Alternative Songs, Mexican and Russian Tophit airplay chart, and became their first entry on the US Billboard Hot 100, reaching number four as of October 2017.  
He taught undergraduate and graduate courses in electrical circuit theory, filters, and analog integrated electronics, and advised industry in subjects relating to broadband analog and high-speed digital integrated circuit analysis, design, and modeling.  
SABA is an Australian fashion brand created by Joe Saba in 1965.  
Washington rode up with reinforcements and rallied the fleeing militia.  
Up to half of all offshore wealth (globally) is hidden in one of many British offshore jurisdictions.  
He is an assistant coach for the Arizona Coyotes.  
Noise Won't Stop is the third studio album by New York City electronica duo Shy Child.  
Salt spray testing is an accelerated corrosion test that produces a corrosive attack to coated samples in order to evaluate (mostly comparatively) the suitability of the coating for use as a protective finish.  
Whereas downstream speed is important to the average home user for purposes of downloading content, uploads are used mainly for web server applications and similar processes where the sending of data is critical.  
It includes several species which are micromollusks.  
The Wendy Williams Experience is an American reality television series that aired on VH1 from October 20, 2006, to December 9, 2006.  
It spent six weeks on the Billboard 200 chart, peaking at 168.  
Gusmer Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1918 to provide products to the brewing market.  
Emdadul Haque also spelled Imdadul Haque is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament from Thakurgaon-3.  
Fortune was recommissioned on 30 March 1887 to carry cargo between ships and stations along the east coast until being decommissioned at Newport, Rhode Island, on 22 April 1891.  
It runs 36.2 miles south-to-north through the center of Beaver County, in the Panhandle, running from the Texas state line to the Kansas state line.  
The hostelry was financed by Stacy Nudd.  
Bert Herdman was manager of Raith Rovers F.C. from 1945 to 1961.  
The term Charactron is sometimes mistakenly applied to another type of CRT properly called a monoscope which generates an electrical signal by scanning an electron beam of uniform cross section across a printed pattern on an internal target electrode.  
Clivina allaeri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae.  
In an interview for KPSU, Wignall commented that the first album was "this sort of finding our path and gravitating towards American sounds".  
In the past ten years, three new public schools have opened in the Seabrook area to serve area students, including Whale Branch Early College High School.  
The package includes two separate pieces of software, the NoLimits Editor and NoLimits Simulator, with a third application, the NoLimits Terraformer supported as well.  
More pet dander is sloughed off in older animals than in younger animals.  
On November 27, 2009, he lost his title in a unification match against WBC Champion Oleydong Sithsamerchai.  
A modern version of this in some areas is to spread the grain on the surface of a country road so the grain may be threshed by the wheels of passing vehicles.  
A planar Fourier capture array (PFCA) is a tiny camera that requires no mirror, lens, focal length, or moving parts.  
It is a medium-sized, reddish brown cuckoo-dove, found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia.  
Alan B Thomas, Jr. is a businessman and is an American government official.  
The Samadhi of Ranjit Singh and Hazuri Bagh Baradari are prime example of Sikh architecture during the rule of the Sikh Empire.  
He first made a big Warrington Wolves appearance when his team beat Hull FC 20-6 to win the League Leaders' Shield.  
Quebec uses a unicameral (originally bicameral) Westminster-style parliamentary government, in which the premier is the leader of the party that controls the most seats in the National Assembly (previously called the Legislative Assembly).  
Founding Music Director Liza Grossman and the Contemporary Youth Orchestra are the recipients of awards including the ASCAP Award for Adventurous Programming, the Northern Ohio Live Award of Achievement and the Sunshine Award from Young Audiences for excellence in arts education.  
It is led by Lara Mangravite.  
It was primarily developed by series creator and developer Square Enix, which also acted as publisher for all titles.  
Lice in this family are known commonly as the spiny rat lice.  
The bay is shoal, and sheltered from the wind by Mangarin Point to the east and by Ilin Island.  
The Irish Planning Institute (IPI) is an all-island professional body representing professional planners engaged in physical and environmental planning in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.  
It holds that indemnities can be claimed under English law for any consequential costs of a contract not turning on an innocent misrepresentation (such as rent).  
USS Kasaan Bay (CVE-69) was a Casablanca class escort carrier of the United States Navy.  
Postal authorities may hold a first day ceremony to generate publicity for the new issue, with postal officials revealing the stamp, and with connected persons in attendance, such as descendants of the person being honored by the stamp.  
Before passage of the legislature, landed revenue laws of Bengal consisted of the Permanent Settlement Regulations of 1793 and the Bengal Tenancy Act of 1885.  
A large tree, it often reaches heights of 40 meters (130 feet) with buttress roots up to 6 meters (20 feet) in diameter.  
The meeting, requested by Syria, adopted resolution 236 unanimously.  
This was Urban's first album to be produced by Dann Huff, who has produced all of his albums since.  
The American Concrete Institute recognized the joint venture company that built the Dudley B. Menzies Bridge with an Award of Excellence for Design and Construction in Concrete.  
Gauss is a large lunar impact crater, named after Carl Friedrich Gauss, that is located near the northeastern limb of the Moon's near side.  
Their music was a mix of country, rock, and R&B, featuring dual male / female harmony vocals, country-blues electric guitar, saxophone and rhythm section.  
Radio Rations is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show that was not released to the general public but only to US military personnel serving overseas in October 2007.  
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a Rath: the Black Fort (grid ref: H7442 8161).  
The chemical formula is Ca3Fe2(SiO4)3 with chromium substitution as the cause of the demantoid green color.  
Only a small percentage of light penetrates the canopy so understory vegetation is generally shade tolerant.  
Sun (foaled 1952) was a Tennessee Walking Horse stallion who competed in his breed's World Grand Championship three times.  
The Department carries out its duties through eleven divisions: the Examinations Division, the Applicant Services Division, the Technical Services Division, the Classification/Compensation Division, the Employee Relations Division, the Research Division, the Administrative Services division, the Information Services Division, the Equal Employment Opportunities/Affirmative Action division, the Americans with Disabilities division, and the Employee Development and Equal Opportunity division.  
The album abandons much of the folk lyrical content typical of the previous studio album, Songs from the Wood (1977), in exchange for a more realist perspective on the changing world - the album is dedicated to the "indigenous working ponies and horses of Great Britain".  
It was first broadcast on September 19, 2016.  
Cameron died of a heart attack in Wilmington, Delaware on May 25, 1979.  
She was ordained in 1984, and became the rector of Grace-Calvary Episcopal Church (Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta) in Clarkesville, Georgia in 1992.  
The Ministry of Industry, Mining and Energy (MIME) is a government ministry responsible for governing and the mining industry and the energy industry of Cambodia.  
His retirement was announced on July 10, 2018.  
So What!. The album was apparently supposed to include the track "Sleepwalker" from the previous year's release, United Abominations, but this was replaced by "Foreclosure of a Dream" from Countdown to Extinction instead, resulting in that track being the exception on the otherwise chronological track listing of the album.  
It is a sequel to the 1975 video game Gun Fight, originally released by Taito as Western Gun in Japan.  
The first to attain the consulship was Gaius Laecanius Bassus in AD 40.  
Launched in January 2006, WRJQ features a wide variety of polka music, but primarily plays the "Midwest Oompah" sound featuring the Dutchmen-style and Czech/Bohemian-style.  
The legislature was reduced from 130 seats to 100, making all existing parties to lose ground.  
The Last Grenade is a 1970 British war film directed by Gordon Flemyng and starring Stanley Baker and Alex Cord as two soldiers of fortune, formerly comrades, who now find themselves on opposite sides.  
It can be distinguished from the philosophy of healthcare, which is mostly concerned with ethical and political issues arising from healthcare research and practice.  
Mika Seeger is an American ceramic artist.  
The mill and nearby Parker House (located at 4540 Geddes Road) were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.  
She is currently representing Kodad Assembly constituency.  
Carlos Quintana (born 11 February 1988, in Glew) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Talleres in the Primera B Nacional.  
Norlandair is an Icelandic airline.  
In 2012 the Eagles stock rose significantly finishing 3rd on the ladder overall and losing the Preliminary Final against Cobden Football Club by 52 points.  
Camp Columbia was a United States Army military camp located in Wacol, near Brisbane, built during World War II to accommodate American troops.  
Signs show speed limits in kilometers per hour (km/h).  
The fifth Baronet represented Gloucestershire in Parliament.  
The zone's competition was held in round robin format in Sozopol, Bulgaria, in April 2017.  
A: So that it can walk across lily pads.  
Born Patrick Henry Pearse Mullan in Portstewart, Northern Ireland, on 22 April 1946, Mullan was educated at St Patrick's College, Armagh and University College Dublin.  
During World War II it diversified to other chemicals.  
Argentia Beach is a summer village in Alberta, Canada.  
He began his career in New York City working as an assistant to Tharon Musser.  
Betrayed by a Handprint is a 1908 American silent short crime film directed by D. W. Griffith.  
Adam soon learns that twelve nuclear bombs placed around the world will go off at midnight on Christmas Eve.  
He played college football at Mesa State and Colorado.  
Drama was recorded in a short amount of time as a tour was already booked prior to the change in personnel.  
Right ascension and declination coordinates are for the epoch J2000.  
This album gained them Spellemannprisen 2006 in the hip-hop category.  
It was released in 1983 on Warner Bros. Records.  
For example, in papers reporting on human subjects, typically a table is included giving the overall sample size, sample sizes in important subgroups (e.g., for each treatment or exposure group), and demographic or clinical characteristics such as the average age, the proportion of subjects of each sex, the proportion of subjects with related comorbidities, etc.  
The Liturgy of the hours is of prime importance as is daily contemplation, private prayers, his frequent confession and spiritual guidance through an experienced priest of his confidence.  
It is managed by NSGC.The Corporation's role is to ensure the gaming industry is as socially responsible as possible, while generating reasonable profits.  
For example, William Corbet Le Breton, father of Lillie Langtry, was rector of Saint Savior at the time he became Dean, though transferred to St Helier in 1875.  
After traveling around the world Naomi met Jeffrey Alford in Tibet in 1985 and the two were soon married.  
AZ-TF1 is sponsored by the Phoenix Fire Department.  
The post of Governor was abolished in 1852, when the last governor, Lord Combermere, accepted office as the Constable of the Tower.  
In 1983, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Casey, defeating Liberal MP Peter Falconer.  
The national heritage area comprises Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Greene, Fayette, Washington and Westmoreland counties.  
Edgecast is notable for being a self-provisioning CDN technology used by the telecommunication and hosting industries.  
Bill Majoros was nominated for musician of the year- Hamilon Ontario Arts Awards.  
The rules of the association require every area to hold at least one event every year which should include a race for gaff rigged boats.  
The Nottingham Lions are an ice hockey team from Nottingham, England that compete in the English National League's northern section.  
He represented the Barbarians and played county rugby for Surrey and the London Counties.  
Marc-Antoine Charpentier composed his grand polyphonic motet Te Deum (H. 146) in D major probably between 1688 and 1698, during his stay at the Jesuit Church of Saint-Louis in Paris, where he held the position of musical director.  
The Easter Week 2006 tornado outbreak sequence was a tornado outbreak sequence during the days leading up to Easter and continued into the first week after Easter.  
The song was used for the 1992 biopic Sinatra, starring Philip Casnoff; Frank Sinatra performs the song on stage at the Paramount Theater.  
This is a list of electoral results for the Electoral district of Seymour in Victorian state elections.  
Nigeria law focus on the activities to reduce Money laundering and illegal gambling.  
The Sundvolden GP is a one-day cycling race held in Norway.  
Bowser Manufacturing is a United States manufacturer of model railroad equipment, located in Montoursville, Pennsylvania.  
As the gear shifting process requires attention and dexterity that might be needed in managing sharp corners in car races, sequential transmission has been introduced into many competition rules as an alternative.  
She lives and works in Winnipeg, Manitoba.  
A walk-in clinic describes a very broad category of medical facilities only loosely defined as those that accept patients on a walk-in basis and with no appointment required.  
It is a time domain solver that specializes in large wave propagation problems, with emphasis on problems featuring electro-mechanical materials such as piezoelectric ceramics.  
The decade of the 1720s in archeology involved some significant events.  
It is found in Bhutan, China, India, Nepal, and Pakistan.  
Tower of Unity (German: Turm der Einheit) is a 30 meter high observation tower on Heldrastein, a rocky mountain belonging to Treffurt in Thuringia.  
The series' sensationalized recountings of the deeds of gangsters such as Baby Face Nelson and Machine Gun Kelly were illustrated by artists Bob Wood, George Tuska, and others.  
Since then, it has faced strong criticism since the theory was proposed as innate, universal, and unidirectional.  
Over the years it has been translated into and published in many languages, including Hungarian, Finnish, Danish, Chinese, German, Italian, Vietnamese, Korean, Mari, Faroese, Polish, Welsh, Serbian, Bosnian, Romanian and Russian.  
The ARIA Awards recognize "the many achievements of Aussie artists across all music genres", and have been given by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) since 1987.Original soundtrack albums and cast/show albums by solo artists, groups and various artist compilations are eligible.  
Barriers may include curbs, concrete berms, posts, planting/median strips, walls, trenches, or fences.  
Tetrathemis yerburii is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.  
Alexander Barel (born 23 December 1957 in Amsterdam) is an athlete from the Netherlands.  
Furthermore, a DVD of Bob Culbertson live (recorded in studio, in front of blue screen) is available.  
Morgan Hill is a city in Santa Clara County, California, at the southern tip of Silicon Valley, in the San Francisco Bay Area.  
Actually, it is very difficult to write blogs locally because the government banned blog service websites after the September 2007 Golden Revolution.  
He drew cartoons for the Houston Chronicle from 2006-2017, where the newspaper's Web site maintained a blog of his cartoons and video animations.  
He previously played with the Brisbane Lions.  
The cover is similar to the band's single cover used for "Live and Let Die".  
Hunt Hawkins is an American poet.  
The most important crops are cassava and rice, while other important agricultural products are peanuts and coffee.  
In 1963, a fresh shell of what was subsequently named Sphaerocypraea incomparabilis was dredged up by a Soviet trawler in the Gulf of Aden.  
Computer Space forum is a yearly computer art festivals, organized by the Student Computer Art Society (SCAS) in Sofia, Bulgaria.  
Les Barrett (born 22 October 1947 in Chelsea) is an English former professional footballer, making the third-all-time record appearances for Fulham of 487 starts and 4 substitutions.  
Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone novels created by Robert B. Parker, the film is about the retired police chief of a small New England town who investigates the suspicious death of a young friend while the police force deals with the arrogant new police chief who is the son-in-law of a town councilman.  
The inflorescence bears up to 30 white to yellowish flowers, each between one and two centimeters long.  
It is considered the first British women's football team and a pioneering team in the history of the sport.  
Ulloor comes under Cheruvaikkal village limits of Thiruvananthapuram taluk.  
The RubySpec project aimed to write a complete executable specification for the Ruby programming language.  
Its major themes are language and determinism.  
The Montserrat national basketball team is organized and run by the Montserrat Basketball Association.  
The Belluschis moved from the home in 1948 and sold the property.  
The main criticism of service location is that it obscures dependencies.  
The reason for designing this software was twofold: Provide a powerful EDA tool for AV industry and to reduce cost of entry into AV industry by entrepreneurs.  
Frantic Bleep is a progressive metal band from Norway.  
Black Cab is a Melbourne based drone and electronica group.  
The fifth government of Israel was formed by Moshe Sharett during the second Knesset on 26 January 1954, and was the first government not led by David Ben-Gurion.  
Each location's ride routes are designed for everyone from the occasional rider to the experienced cyclist.  
Jack Rose, a popular local GP, was for many years the Chairman of the British branch of Gamblers Anonymous.  
The current Chief Justice is Anne Ferguson, who was appointed by Governor Linda Dessau to succeed Marilyn Warren.  
She lives in Des Moines, Iowa.  
He is a co-founder, with his wife Juliet Starrett, of the fitness website MobilityWOD.  
The east and west sides of the church have 4 elongated windows.  
She served as the President of the Board of Harbor Commissioners under Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, overseeing the Port of Los Angeles.  
While attending law school, he was the co-founder and editor-in-chief of the NYU Journal of Law & Liberty; he also clerked for Judge E. Grady Jolly on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  
Be OK is the Grammy Award-winning third single from soul-R&B singer-songwriter Chrisette Michele's debut album, I Am released digitally on December 11, 2007.  
Waveland, Florida, was a community in what is now Martin County, Florida, which encompassed all of Sewall's Point, that part of Rio lying east of Warner Creek, and that part of Jensen Beach lying south of N.E. Center Street, more or less.  
The community lies to the west of Baltimore along the city's border.  
Both events were held in an indoor arena.  
It incorporated the collection of the former Lexington Library Company (est.1801) and the former Transylvania Library (est.1795).  
The North Avenue Irregulars is a 1979 American comedy crime film produced by Walt Disney Productions, distributed by Buena Vista Distribution Company, and starring Edward Herrmann, Barbara Harris, Karen Valentine and Susan Clark.  
Gossard was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pearl Jam on April 7, 2017.  
Cyrtoclymeniina was an extinct suborder of ammonites that existed during the Devonian.  
Brown v Tasmania, was a significant Australian court case, decided in the High Court of Australia on 18 October 2017.  
A RIRO permits only right turns and a LILO permits only left turns.  
Stert Brook Exposure (grid reference SU017583) is a 4,200 square meter geological Site of Special Scientific Interest at Stert in Wiltshire, England, notified in 1989.  
Some of his commissions have come from World Library Publications, The CUBE Ensemble and Immaculate Conception in Chicago.  
It references the hot springs near today's city center.  
One prison officer died of a heart attack as a result of the escape and twenty others were injured, including two who were shot with guns that had been smuggled into the prison.  
A groom often supported the shield during the reloading.  
The Cherokee Nation Foundation is an organization serving the Cherokee Nation, a federally recognized tribe of more than 300,000 citizens.  
One such court was created by King James II on 27 July 1686, which lasted until 26 August 1688.  
The 1993 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 3 October 1993.  
